December 18 – STL to LA 
I bundle up the best I can without bringing things I won't need in Australia
Wearing pajamas under pants – the TSA loves pajamas
Parked in section 15 and grumpy Santa motions for me to take the bus in front of him
and I am so glad that he does. this bus driver is friendly, chatty
She has to work on Christmas, but that's OK
she gets double time and a half for it, that's 300 dollars
will come in to work at 11am (the grand kids will have opened their presents by then)
and back home at 7pm (she will have dinner, then)
Are you going home to be with your parents on Christmas?
I'm going to be in Australia on Christmas. I'm going with my parents
and she's off on another soliloquy
I wish I had parents like that. 
We could never afford anything like that.
I come from a poor family. A very poor family.
But we were rich in love, so rich in love.
and I wouldn't trade that for a million bucks.
So rich in love and you see these rich people walking around
silver spoons and here's a Lexus and they rich because their daddy owns the company
and this change in economy hit them hard 'cause they never had to suffer none
they never had to work a day in their life
I make noises of agreement at various points
trying not to imitate her drawl, since it isn't the way I normally speak
but it is so infectious. her energy, her convictions
when she starts talking about god, I groan inside a little
but at the end of it I want to shout amen
I don't care if you gay, lesbian, or whatever
you bring a baby into this world you gotta give it a chance
you gotta show it love
and I'm 50 years old and recently back on the dating scene since my husband passed
and men these days, they can't give love
I can't fault them for it, they were never shown any love
and I'm telling you this since you are young and maybe there's still a chance for you
the car in front of us is still stopped on a green so she honks and makes a shooing motion. 
C'mon, baby
I made it through security
and settle into the big cushion seats.
the one with a power outlet and a USB port for each person
I plug in and put on my head phones
I consider watching a movie
but I'm saving those big guns for time's next assault
I consider reading a book
but I'm saving those for when the electricity runs out
listening to the loudspeaker announcements
A reminder: Passengers are only allowed one carry-on bag
James Brown Please Call Gate 6girls are calling up friends to announce that they are in St. Louis and bored
I've been here almost an hour and then my phone buzzes to remind me to leave for the airport
Networks visible at Lamberts
Santa has his wifi secured with WEP. 
I'm tempted to fire up wireshark and aircrack and SQL inject myself onto the “nice” list
Or dare I learn the dark secrets of the Butt network?
We get on the plane and the flight attendant tells us that it will be four hours to LA and we must all be smiling.
reading Breakfast of Champions (Martini)
guy sitting next to me keeps humming, talking to himself, tapping fingers on his leg
There's a little kid peeking over the back of the seat
“tell daddy to say bye bye and hang up the phone”
I land and have a heck of a time on the phone to locate my folks 
I'm at Qantas departures, but not the right one, walked right past the other one on the way here
Finally locate them hanging out at the bar with Jim and Carol Bender
She's been cut-off after just two drinks. Crying and cussing
On the plane we get to hear the first of the Australian accents
Would you like my Half and Half? Then you'd have Whole and Whole. You're a whole.
I have a beer with dinner. An Australian beer. 
The attendant looks like a bald British villain with a wicked awesome smile and a valet's styleVB – The kool aid of those Microsoft-loving kiddie-programmers
That's a frittata.
I see that first class passengers have outlets. Plotting to steal power for my laptop
putting on my leisure suit and heading up to visit the disco ball in the lounge upstairs
A couple movies and a nap make the flight go smoothly
Decemeber 19 – Taken by the Date Line
December 20 – Sydney
We find the luggage open and a towel missing
but the chat with customs was positively delightful “Besides today, it is summer”
The weather is unseasonably chilly, (10C / 50F) but there are people wearing shortsThere's no driver with our name on a sign, so we're looking for second best match
Why yes, I am … Mr. Benedict.
We make a phone call, wait a while, and then get in the van.
Our driver tells us about this and that: Oprah and Bono. Harbors, Queen Victoria, his wife's cooking
He's originally from Argentina 
(how come taxi drivers they are never from the country they are in. we could make a bingo out of it)
 
We have a heck of a time getting power in the hotel. Trying switches, pushing buttons and reading instructions
“I don't care how 'green' it is, there should be a light in the bathroom. [flush] Whoa, that's a toilet'
You see, you have to put your room key in the slot.
All of the traffic lights make laser noises as they change color. Pew pew.
This amuses us throughout the entire trip.Stroll through the botanic gardens and give the governor a harrumph.
When the eels are young the ducks eat them. When the eels grow up they return the favor.The knife and fork may look like a man and woman
but the restaurants and bathrooms are really opposites
There's a guy with a tattoo of a skeleton with a martini glass on his ankle. 
The martini is in the hand, the tattoo is on the ankle
I'm wearing my martini socks and skeleton shoes
My pajamas have penguins.Rainbow LorikeetI'm almost certain these kids were climbing in the trees.This boat is making me hungry for Nachos. 
There's a whole fleet of them and nary a nacho in sight.What the heck!? It's made from bathroom tiles!
Everything by the Opera house is looking hoity-toity and we need something to eat
I think that lady has a bagel dog. Oh, down here I'm sure they call it a bagel dingo.Luckily, this little pirate/skeleton/spiderman is on hand to plunder/scare/save you
They're playing techno didgeridoo with a very euro dance beat.
Throw the guy some coins and he blows “Thank you, Thank you” through the pipe.
“Spiny Echidna!” I shout, pointing at a sign. “Weird mammals. They have a cloaca”
Eating a takeaway tandori chicken wrap by the Circular Quoy. 
Practically have to smack the birds to keep them off it.Get on board the sushi train.
There's supposed to be a cache near the observatory, but GPS is having trouble finding these southern satellites
A tour guide walks by and tells her group about the soldiers church and the nearby pubs
we go up some more stairs
Make our way to the bridge climb
Gear up in fly jump suits, break out the bedazzaler. 
It's windy, very windy. Everything is clipped to you
The guy in the lead looks like Russell Brand 
On the form you need to enter your full address (I left out my city/state)
Anita: “So they know where to send the bodies”
Bridge Guy: “That's the funniest thing I ever heard” (he didn't even sound sarcastic)
Most Australians bad mouth Americans, he says. 
But he spent nine months on a cruise ship with them
and he's grown to tolerate/like them.Afterwards we start wandering back. Looking for a pub with some action.
But it's a Monday night and we're exhausted
Make it an early night with a dinner of Chili Dip Stix from a convenience store (what a selection of Ramen!)
December 21 - Sydney to Townsville
We're waiting for the Sun Bus.
In the lobby of the hotel I start doing the “Bus Dance”
It has been handed down in my family for generations
from the days when the wild buses roamed the prairies
The driver was late because another group is too busy having breakfast to get on.
We freaked him out a little because his sheet of paper says he is to pick up one person.
He was expecting two. Anita and Jonathon David. Three showed up.
This driver is Serbian and we talk about Chicago, Blago and politicians (they're all crooks)
The taxi driver in Townsville is from Melbourne
She'll be heading down there for Holidays.
She drops us off at the Holiday Inn aka “Sugar Shaker” 
we walk counter clockwise around the perimeter, past laundry, back to our room
We drop off our bags and walk up and down the streets.
Visiting shops, on the lookout for a replacement towel
At the Aquarium they have a little show on Sea Turtles
The guy in the big tub weighs twice as much as me.We try to find the Choo Choo cache.
I have no network, so my phone doesn't help much.
Dad and I are on the far side when mother is approached by security Steve
who worries that she is on the lookout for drugs. “Oh, no!”
We manage to set things straight and find that Steve is a delightful hobbit, an absolute hoot.
He calls up his mate, Laurie who is trying to route trains. “No, this isn't a setup” 
There really are some American tourists here, looking for something and they need your GPS.
Laurie isn't nearly as excitable as Steve. Classic Abbott and Costello.
He has an Android phone, so I download C:Geo on it and it confirms what we suspected
We go out and look some more, but still the cache eludes us.
We ask for permission for a photo so he calls Laurie down again.
Steve: “Crazy ozzies, that's the caption”
He gives us a gift, a deluxe tape measurerAaaaah!
 I don't like the way that zebra is looking at me.
We start to predict the nationalities of our compatriots on the live-a-board
There will be Canadians, definitely some Germans, a handful of Brits
and let's go with a couple from New ZealandSince we're salty sea dogs we set out to acquire the alcohol.
(You're encouraged to bring some, but not an “excessive amount”)
A six pack of Beer and one of canned Rum&Coke pre-mixed. 
Yo ho ho.
Nervously approach a small group near a street light.
Samantha is standing next to her own six pack. UK, check.
And then Gunter introduces himself. German, check.
We have a couple of Swedes. Well, they're like the Canadians of Europe, aren't they
And Belgian medical students. We didn't really see that coming.
It's time to get on the boat. The Sea Esta, our new home.
Robin Benz, our fearless dive leader, a Swiss Australian, starts going over the rules.
It's a pretty funny briefing. Puke in buckets, try not to fall over the side.
He learned English in Montana, but still says torch instead of flashlight
I settle down into lower bunk and Glen Casey, my new buddy, takes the top bunk.
December 22 – At Sea
It's starting to become morning when I realize how much the ship is rocking
Nausea hits me the first time I try to get up
I head up the ladder for some reason
spill across the deck 
scramble back down. Vomit.
Try to wash my face with water splashing over the sides.
Give up.
Crawl back into bed.
The Bennett family is sea sick.
The bucket is my new best friend.
I share one with the Swede at breakfast.
Stare at the horizon. Move to the front, move to the back.
Stomach feels bad, can't keep food down.
Spewing new colors and smells. 
A shade of green, neon orange.
Under the water it is a totally different story.
There are some currents, sure, but it's calm.Quiet hiss of the regulator. Colorful fish. 
December 23 – New Mooring
We move to a new mooring and the sea is much calmer.
Our cook is named Gallagher and he serves watermelon for breakfast.
C'mon, man. Smash 'em!
He's a super laid back guy, Bob Marley plays in the kitchen.
Interested in buying board shorts from Glen, it's all he ever wears
a California surfer dude with a different kind of funny accent
He was born on a boat, owns three and a jet ski.
We come to find out he's only 16 and he's left home, 
Dinner smells good. Glad I can keep food down now.
My group had just come in from our dusk dive 
the squall arrives suddenly, winds at 40 knots
jerking and crunching noises. “We hit the reef!”
my parents are still out there.
Panic, scramble. 
Trying to stay out of the way of people who know what they are doing
looking for the mints that I put in the pocket of my Dad's shirt.
The storm passes quickly and all divers return safely
they saw an octopus, and lightning from under the water
but the storm doesn't really penetrate the surface
The Australians are making fun of Sam for her accent.
“Oh, have a spot of tea, will you?”
On the top deck we re-use the dirty cup that has our name on it
there's Coffee, Tea, and Milo in Tupperware, but I stick to water
Late night mother comes in with a Dramamine for me
and she brings a Tylenol PM for Glen
December 24 – SS Yongala
We wake to noise and high waves – but no one is sea sick
Surpassing expectations we all manage to dive the wreck
Glen grabs my leg and points to a big shark
I catch a glimpse of a grey blob heading off “No one else saw that. That was the Glen and Dave shark”
the first dive was too crowded, but the second was amazing
Spotted a guitar fish. Near the big turtle is a huge wrass
A jelly fish near the line
Mom got stung on the lip by a jelly fish, cut her finger on the wreck. Bled green blood.
She's a real diver.
We get off the boat with exactly as much alcohol as we entered it with.
Head back at the hotel room. 
It's raining and we're too tired to leave. So we order room service.
The curry is more filling than Gallagher's (it has rice) but less flavorful
December 25 – Townsville to Adelaide 
An old lady drives us to the air port. I can't place the accent.
Could be Australian, could be British.
There are terrible storms up north. Epic floods. It's just raining here.
We get bumped from a stopover in Brisbane to one in Sydney
which means extra time sitting in the airportI ordered a Bagel Benedict. There's a sandwich with chutney in the case
Sit at the table and watch the Alien arcade game play through the demo again and again
wander around listening to the Australians talk about Chrissie and Prezzies
It's nearly time to board and Ma says “Merry Freaking Christmas”
“Did you just say that?”
We arrive at Gate 35 and have half an hour to get to... Gate 35.
We try again calling the person supposed to be picking us up, but never quite manage.
by the time we land our driver was on his way home so we take a cab. Iobal says nary a word.
We just experienced a half-hour time zone change. Now they're just messing with me.
We check in at the Magic Garden and Majestic Roof. They love us here.
Queue up for the laundry to clean up the boat clothesThe beds are on wheels. Hey guys, let's have bed races
why yes, that is a seven dollar bottle of water on the nightstand. Don't touch it.
 
I love this elevator. Spacious and exciting.You get in one and exit the other.
dinner at the pizza joint, just down the block
there aren't a lot of options; it's a holiday, after all
Budweiser flavoured coffee syrup?
take a walk through town, the Botanic gardens are closed
I set an alarm so that we won't miss tomorrow's guided tour
head towards the river, past the zooI found this lighter/flashlight. Now we can light the chutney candle and celebrate Christmas right.it's getting late and the spiders are getting bolderDecember 26 – AdelaideWe all decide to brave a taste of the Vegemite. Blech.
Walk through the botanic gardens it's getting near tour time
but, wait. Why are those old people walking away from the pavilion?
Old people love tours. We decide to skip it.Mohawk bird at the Cafe 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21
“I'm going to hide in the elevator with my dirty laundry. Are you with me?”
Put our clothes in the washing machine and head to the aboriginal museum.
There's a painting of a frumpy guy with skeletons dangling from his trench coat. I want that coat.
There's a short, broad woman with a shock of white hair, speaking earnestly
They sound more like the English in South Australia, more nasal in other regions
she warns us that the presenter speaks quickly. For serious.
The baby cries when he makes the race car noise with his YidakiA brewery and Alcohol Consumption Prohibited on Tam O' Shanter. How apropros.
When chapman billies leave the street, 
And drouthy neibors, neibors, meet; 
As market days are wearing late, 
And folk begin to tak the gate, 
While we sit bousing at the nappy, 
An' getting fou and unco happy, 
We think na on the lang Scots miles, 
The mosses, waters, slaps and stiles, 
That lie between us and our hame, 
Where sits our sulky, sullen dame, 
Gathering her brows like gathering storm, 
Nursing her wrath to keep it warm. 
This truth fand honest Tam o' Shanter, 
As he frae Ayr ae night did canter: 
(Auld Ayr, wham ne'er a town surpasses, 
For honest men and bonie lasses). 
O Tam! had'st thou but been sae wise, 
As taen thy ain wife Kate's advice! She tauld thee weel thou was a skellum, 
A blethering, blustering, drunken blellum; 
That frae November till October, 
Ae market-day thou was na sober; 
That ilka melder wi' the Miller, 
Thou sat as lang as thou had siller; 
That ev'ry naig was ca'd a shoe on 
The Smith and thee gat roarin' fou on; 
That at the Lord's house, ev'n on Sunday, 
Thou drank wi' Kirkton Jean till Monday, 
She prophesied that late or soon, 
Thou wad be found, deep drown'd in Doon, 
Or catch'd wi' warlocks in the mirk, 
By Alloway's auld, haunted kirk.
...
(Robert Burns)
We take the tram to Glenelg (it's a palidrome, hey)
There's a couple of chatty kids:
“What's a window for?”
“Looking out”
“OK”My real, authentic Salt and Paper (sic) SquidSwim between the flags. The life guards don't want to turn their necks.we walk back from Victoria Square.
D: What would you rate this tree?
A: About a six.
This snow man would stab you with an icicle and laugh about it.
He has black eyes. Cold, like a shark'sA: “You look like a Japanese tourist.” We don't look cool?
There's Kangaroo jerky in the souvenir shops. I'm tempted.Do not mess with this bird
In the hotel room we wrestle the TV into working and watch a little North and South
there's a fly in the ice tray. Mom averts her eyes so she can pretend I'm not putting it in my glass
and gosh darn it, just when I thought my glass was empty and done I went and spilled rum on Dad's bed
December 27 – Adelaide to Kangaroo Island
This cab driver is a cheery sort of proper gentleman. “Gee whiz!”
and he's well-traveled. Says Chicago is “an architecturally superb city”
He looks like Michael Caine.
We have a pleasant chat with a worker in the airport gift shop
She says to us “I love your accent. I could listen to it all day” 
We don't hear that very often. 
Get out and see the world. And don't forget to explore your own corner of it.“Have you been to the Statue of Liberty? Have you been to Niagra falls”
“I feel like I've been interrogated.”
The flight is ~15 minutes between takeoff and landing and REX gave us a free cup of water and a little mint
We were on Virgin airlines for over an hour and they wanted to charge for every little thing
Well, it looks like we have to throw our fox into the quarantine bin. 
They aren't allowed on Kangaroo Island
No honey and no potatoes.
We are met by Brian, our driver and get in the tour van.
We made a mathematical error. We thought we had 5,000 koalas when we really had 20,000
So we started sterilizing them. 
The farmers wanted to shoot them, but tourists get antsy around piles of dead koalas
We're leaving the arterial roads, it gets bouncy.
We stop for a cuppa. My parents have Milo. I take Tea, Earl Grey. Hot. And biscuits. 
He passes out the recipe. “For the ladies... Unless the gentlemen do the cooking.”
And there we see our first koala snoozing in a tree.
The only predator around is the eagle so these chickens run around free as a bird.11:52 we spot our first mob of kangaroos. Lying under trees, hopping fences
“I know what you're thinking, Dave. When do I get to eat one?”If you pause on one of these anthills you will need to remove your pants and you will become embarrassed.
WallabyThe primordial forest
We stop for lunch in the woods near a river
The fish is good, but the squeaky cheese is my favorite part
The earth mother works at the embassy at Canberra, originally from Seattle
“Apparently, I'm very verbal when I'm drunk”Stop the bus. It's an echidna!
At seal bay we watch the sea lions playWe arrive at the Wanderer's rest we're we're met with a vibrant woman
who has, what I believe to be a touch of an Irish brogue
she takes our order, recommending the fish of the day, a shark.
“I call it Human's Revenge”Yes, yes. I'm eating a shark. And check out those vegetables!
Tim Tams on our pillows. I love this biscuit.Dirty sock versus clean sock. 
That's a sad looking Christmas tree.They give us a couple of torches so we can take the nocturnal wallaby walk.
We're looking like a couple of dapper gents in our monocles.
December 28 – Kangaroo Island to AdelaideThis peanut butter is INSANE!
We're up for Brekky served by Ros. 
Kangaroo Island honey and sheep yogurt
“I know how much you Italians like your espresso”
Hey, how many times do I have to pop my collar before I can get some?Italians: They love espresso.
Laura's dad Tim is our tour guide. “You gotta comedy team today”
“I see Jon and Dave have been in the Vegemite today, it's only three quarters full”
A pack of dogs have the 'roo holed up at the dam
The kangaroo will lure the dogs into the water and try to drown them
Look at that sleeping animal, he says, referring to some road kill.
I hear they get tired from Wheel's disease.Lunch on the rock. 
I drank my first ginger beer.
Paul from Seattle asks if I really work for NASA.
No, I just like the monkey.
He worked on a space tether, power provider.
First it jammed then it snapped.
Now he works at Boeing.
The airport has a picture of a clown with the caption “Security is no joke”
the speech bubble has a grenade in it.
December 29 – Adelaide to Cradle Mountain
We arrive in Launceston and pick up the rental car
and begin to navigate to Cradle Mountain, Charley.
Reading the map and taking wrong turns.
So this is what people did before GPSes?Towns have themes down here.
Topiary town, city of murals, mailbox lane.Doo town, where every house has a Doo phrase on a sign. 
Just Doo it.
Dinner at the cafe. There's a wallaby on my pizza.leaving the cafe we spot our first wombatIn the evening we take some shorter walks
King Billy and the Enchanted Trail.
Then stop in the tavern for a drink.The cheeseberries taste like cheeseberries.Damn, I'm lookin' dapper.
Until it gets colder and my scarf becomes a shawl. 
Then I just look like a grandma.December 29 – Cradle Mountain to HobartAte Wheetbix at breakfast. Another Australian food checked off the list.Visit some waterfalls in the morning then head on down the road.
A pack of glossies came up from behind, looming in the rear window then overtaking us. Screeching, swooping.Launching Bruce at the Mary St. Wetlands.
She's a street, not a saint.
Lunch at a little cafe in Perth
Look how scared Ma is.
We're low on cash and they don't take plastic.
But look at all this food for so little monies.
The meal ends with a smile and some Creaming Soda“Keep left unless overtaking”
Driving on the rumble strip again
Driving south, the signs are fatalistic
“People die on wet roads.”
“Rest. Survive the ride”
December 30 – Hobart
Stop at the Bonorong wildlife park.
The bloke that let us in is a pretty cool guy
“You gotta see a devil in Tassie.” They're running around now
Don't worry about the 5 o'clock closing time, you can stay 'til 6Herp DerpA couple of these geese were able to chase off a whole mob of kangaroos.This guy sure loves chewing that stick.Arrive in Hobart and check-in to the hotel.
Is this not a reasonable place to park?
Sir, you're on the sidewalk. You can't park on the sidewalk.Hey guys, how 'bout that Internet?
Unidentified road kill. Seven mile beach is strewn with jelly sacks that explode when you step on themResulting in massive damage.
We collect some shells and head back to the car to warm up.
Back in town. Head down to the harbor to hobnob with Yachtsmen.
It's the thing to do in Hobart, after the great Sydney-Hobart race.
Hey, how about them Wild Oats, eh?It's getting late, the restaurants all look closed. 
We're about ready to settle for ten dollar pub pizza
When we overhear a conversation in a group of blue and yellow shirts.
Of course! The Taste of Tassie. Like, it's so obvious.
So we follow the group. Safe distance, don't let them catch on.
We're perpetrating like we are the type of people that frequent the establishment. 
There are gates and fences. Like a fairground. Security is posted. 
Ousting some drunk. “Am I out yet?” Keep going, keep going.
And we slip by and enter to find food of all sorts.We come from the land of ice (cream) and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow. 
Hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new land, 
To fight the horde, sing and cry: Valhalla, I am coming (for a refreshing treat)!We cheer the Joker into the harbor. 
December 31 – Port Arthur, Hobart
We stop for a yacht passing through the bridge
they look like penguins, but the lady informs us they're comorants
but there are penguins around here somewhere“Drive carefully, you don't want to hit a penguin on your holiday”Stopping at Pirate bay to look at the tessellated rocks
No, you silly little iPod. You are the accessory.My parents in the insane asylum. Hard to believe they let them leave.
“But I'm not a boy”“Look saintly”This is called “Spectacular Cave” Holy crap! Four penguin (caffeinated) mints.
Your heart will explode.
Lookin' good, llama.A pirate lives here.
In Hobart it's like the eighties never ended. Bless you guys. Keep the dream alive.Okay, it's New Years eve and it turns out you gotta pay forty dollars to get into the taste of Tassie tonight.
So we have no dinner plan.
Luckily we find refuge in the ole ball and chain.
Pure Blonde pre-dinner drinks.Ah, yes. 1986. A very good year for Shiraz, *mumble mumble* bouquets, a hint of oak.
But do you have anything that comes in a box or perhaps an anonymous bottle in a paper bag?
The salad bar looks like a cow.Happy New Year
January 1 – Hobart to MelbourneAttack the fire. Attack it.
Passion fruit looks like bug gutsWe take a trip to Hobart's botanical garden
Fuchsias are cool.Ma hanging out with her pal, ole Pete.fifty percent success rate with the self-heating cans.
Back on the mainland
in fancy Melbourne, the “fashion capital”
with their animated LED arrows on their escalators
and electronic traffic signs
The bird in the airport managed to trigger the motion sensor and let himself out.The TV was expecting us. How neat.
What a snazzy lounge.Our hotel is in Chinatown so we brave the Dragon Boat for Dinner
Walk down past the cricket grounds
and take Batman Avenue to the park
where we fail in our attempt to infiltrate SummadazeSecurity here is tighter than at some prisons. 
The same techno beat is playing during our walk around the perimeter.D: What would you rate this tree?
A: About a zero.
Coming back through town and we encounter a character from an RPG
A wizened, cackling gnome who is programmed to help us on our quest
“What is it you seek?”
And she points across the street, to the only pub one should expect to be open.
And we're wading through the refuse that lingers from New Years.
“Everyone stunk, everyone was drunk and there was just rubbish everywhere”
We accept her quest to visit the windows that have the story of the NutcrackerHit the liquor store for a couple drinks and head up to the pool on the roof.January 2 – Melbourne to LA to Phoenix to St. Louis.The King of Burgers goes by Hungry Jack in this country.
The bird is the only living thing willing to clean up the place.
The rest of the trip is airports and airplanes.
