7/20 Friday Night
21:14 Sitting at my computer. Walking Dead. Tumbler in hand. Phone rings once. 
They have arrived at the hotel.
21:37 Steve calls back. Announces the plan. No uncertain terms:
“We're going to pick you up and take you to the gay bars”
Be ready in twenty minutes.
A frantic run to the ATM
to find my bank has moved
back in time, feeling a buzz
Exhaustion already. It's been a long week.
I had three interviews today and two of them went really well.
The third was just O.K. I can't believe he wasn't already familiar with merge sort.
Danny driving east on 64/40. 
Owen in shotgun. Steve and I in back.
Arrive at the Grove.
Starting with Attitudes on the east side
Following pretty much the same protocol 
Danny asks me “Do you remember the last time?”
“Of course he does, he...
“Yes Steve. Please tell me what I remember from last time”
Steve has venerated the Vod Box
elevated through retellings to a near religious experience
(Danny's not just an alcoholic in Lee's eyes. He likes Video Games too.)
And Zombies. (You mean Killing Zombies).22:50 Skeleton standing
There's a black and white motif going on. Stripes and a little hat.
Prom dress gone punk, pink.
A girl dressed in flowers. 
Precarious on stilettos.
Leopards and sunglasses.
Anime Hedgehog and an Eddie Izzard
A clownish drag queen masters the death match
Inner city skank with trailer park teeth
strangely alluring in a tres chic dress
painted like a psycho geisha
wearing cheap baubles
flails wildly
a cross section of the cattiest, most critical drama queens
She compared Chesterfield to Kansas. The bitch.
Steve is dancing in the street.“Call Me Maybe” plays for the fifth time in as many hours
Steve pantomimes blowing his brains out.
I like the song, he says, especially the video
but there's only so much Maybe a man can take.
Making our way west
Midnight and we're at Erney's 32 degrees
We do 2 Vod Boxen. Starting with Pomagranate which prompts a discussion on Scurvy. Arr.
I'm not sure that any pomagranates were actually hurt in the making of that beverage.
1AM Steve is texting himself in the Atomic Cowboy. “I'm taking notes like David”They have a DJ. I have a Dead Guy Ale.
I brought a lighter, play with the candle and light one of Owen's cigarettes.
That's a hoppy beer.
2AM Handle Bar til they kick us out of the patio
Programming in BASIC and goto considered harmful
Over another beer discussing the merits of quicksort versus merge sort 
So this is what happens when nerds venture out of the basement.
We have a Steve on a light pole. 
He broke a bottle, feels bad.
A cop on a bike says “Hey!”
We coolly drive away.
3AM looking for a Dennys. It's dark.
We end up at the Courtesy Diner
It got great reviews on YelpQuintessential America
This is the Devil's Delight
“I just wanted to jump over the table and murder him”
“It's so great! My mouth is like a fantastic amusement park”
Saturday afternoon Steve calls for the post-mortem.
They took Owen to the brewery and then the airport.
“You're popular. You should start a robot cheerleading squad”
“Cheerleading is more difficult than murder”
