Dominica - 2009
December 18, Friday – The trek north 
I begin the trip after work by driving up from Missouri (where it hasn't really snowed yet this season) to my
parent's house in Lake Villa (where there is snow on the ground and more falling)
December 20, Sunday – Let's get this party started
We watched Avatar in 3D (it was better than I expected) then headed down to Holiday Inn Suites to take
advantage of their parking and easy access to the airport. The clerk made a joke about bunk beds. I was confused at
first, but then I was able to enjoy the absurdity of it. There is a Harry Carry restaurant attached to the hotel – and Holy
Cow is right – take a look at these prices – and “Grass-Fed Tallgrass Filet” - now you're just messing with me. 
Rabbits chase each other through the snow.
Someone is about to get stoned on the TV – I can't tell if its Jesus that stopped them – he's not a blond-haired,
blue-eyed American Jesus at any rate. 
Falling asleep around 21:00. Ryan calls, but he has to work.
December 21, Monday – Ay, que rico
Wake up early, make a pot of coffee, Wolfgang Puck is on the package. Jefferson Airplane song stuck in my
head. Head down to the lobby and the captain is stumbling around, handing out tootsie pops to hotel staff. Shuttle to
the airport. In the terminal the parents have muffin for breakfast and I have a burrito. Mom is shooting baskets into
the garbage can.Land in San Juan to long green grass and an Iguana on the runway. Step out into 80 degree weather. Cab to the
intercontinental – strip malls along the way mostly have the same stuff we have back home – lunch at Mi Casita 
 we each had a mofongo
Plantain with octopus, camarones (shrimp), and chicken. Local beer (Medalla) to drink. The waitress was friendly.
We check into our resort (with Damien) and upgrade to an ocean view room. We are on the top floor – under a
giant R. Flip off the AC and walk along the beach – swim in the ocean, sit in the Jacuzi.a room with a view – it smells slightly of pancake batter
Shoe bags, shoe rags – I only take them if they are in mitt condition.
Alfredo, emperor of Fettucini found the robe, but there is only one.
A drink in a sports bar – a quiet night. Looking for some action we head towards the lights to find a swanky
hotel with a North Carolina-themed barbeque pit. Smashing avocados in stone bowls. Hubcaps and college pendants– doesn't quite jive with 11 dollars for a shot of rum. 
December 22, Tuesday – Adventure in Dominica
Wake in San Juan – watch waves from the balcony. Burger King for breakfast – order eggs con salchicha.
We're issued green bracelets for the pool area – despite dyslexia with the room number (we said 1016 instead of
1610). The fellow was nice about the whole thing and recommended that on the return trip we get out of San Juan to
see the beauty of Puerto Rico.
I had a nose bleed - “but you should see the other guy” “who, your finger?”
Shark bite looking scars on my side - “but you should see the other guy” “I did, the surgeon”
We order mango daiquiris from the swim-up bar – it's a half-hour too early for the folks from Boston to start
drinking, but we have a mid-day flight. He tells me “if God created something better than a Jacuzzi he kept it for
himself” and asks why people from Missouri say “show me”
The approach to the island is beautiful – deep blues in the water, green covered mountains. Houses covered with
corrugated iron. We later hear it described as landing on the island from Jurassic Park. The airport is carved out of
mountain and ends in the ocean. As it did in Puerto Rico, the plane lands to applause.Go through customs, this airport is a small building. Fill out some forms, they ask me the purpose and the duration of
my stay in a low voice and then send me on my way. Hunt down the rental car and it has a sticker on the passenger
side that says “Keep left, use horn frequently, use lower gear on steep hills.” There's a quarter tank of gas – but we're
told there is a gas station just around the bend. When we arrive there is a sign that says “No gas” Salvation awaits in
the nearest gas station (at Castle Bruce) so we head there. Roads are not well marked and the GPS isn't as helpful as it
should be so we end up traveling into the island rather than along the coast and turn around – we heard that the
interior roads are of inferior quality to the coastal roads. They are paved, but thin, about a lane and a half. People
drive into the middle and veer off to the side when there is oncoming traffic. We dinged a barrel, got some green on
the car. Reading about driving in the guide book made me nervous, but actually experiencing it is nerve wracking.
An island only 16 miles wide and 29 miles long packs a pretty dense experience. We stop at the visitor center for the Caribe Territory, but they are closed. The guard is nice and helpful,
though. The urinals for the men's room are attached to the outside of the building.
Castle Bruce is also out of gas – what are we to do? They send us back up the road, past the bridge, down two
roads, second house on the left. We buy a few gallons and chat with Sunny while his friend uses jugs and funnels to
pour it into the car. Night has fallen and we're worried that we won't reach our destination. He tells us that “people
will take care of you” The island might try to kill you, there is no feeling of entitlement from the environment here,
but people here help each other out. 
There's some shininess from our head lights reflecting on foliage - “leaf butts don't get a lot of sun” The plants
are beautiful – bananas and poinsettia trees. People are thumbing for a ride, but with the luggage we don't have room
to accommodate them.http://mappery.com/maps/Dominica-tourist-map.gif
At the crossroads there's a sign for a detour – the road we want to take is closed. 
“Which way to Roseau?” we ask the lady standing at what seems to be a bus stop
“Yes” she replies and explains that we can go either way - that the road is closed “only when they are working
on it” We decide not to chance it and take a slightly longer route through Layou (northwest rather than southwest)
I calculate our odds of survival at 95% It drops briefly to 94 and then slowly climbs. We're getting tired and afew times I have to remind Dad to drive in the left lane. Keep the sea on the right side and we'll be fine. 
Finally we see the lights of Roseau, the capital – an area almost metropolitan (“that doesn't mean we're gonna
make it”) motorcycles swing past us, cliffs on one side, the sea on the other. We stop at an actual gas station that has
gas and it is a swarm of activity – dealing with other cars, they move us to the next pump, negotiations with respect to
exchange rate and number of gallons “it's easier to get it from a house”
Driving through town – there's no assurance we're on the right road, but there aren't too many to choose from.
Adventures in language – deciphering the patois – someone on the street asks us “Do you speak Spanish? Do
you speak French? What languages do you speak?” We've made it to Soufriere, our intended destination and ask
another guy on the street where Nature Dive is. We're directed back a block or so where we wait with Weefy next to
his bar (“I saw you drive by; you looked lost”) We arrived on the island at 15:00 and it's 20:30 now. The drive, we're
told should take an hour and a half. 
We fit Vanessa and her daughter in the car and we're guided down the road a little bit to the cottage – there's an
eel or a thin fish flopping on the rocks. Dad comes back from dropping them off carrying the essentials – beer and
water. We had granola bars on the road for lunch/dinner. 
The waves are load and roll the rocks around. I'm sleeping on a pullout couch in the living room and I see the
ocean out the window. Mountains to the left, mountains to the right, and mountains behind me.December 23, Wednesday – Getting our feet wet
Oh, what a beautiful morning
There are humming birds at the flowers – a crab walked across the path and disappeared somewhere near the
house. The new coastal road is being paid for by Venezuela. The cottage is in the way of the new road and nobody
knows how much longer it will last.
We drive to the dive shop and start to get geared up. We're dreadfully nervous, remember to breath. Sign the
forms that say diving is dangerous – you're probably gonna die and it's not our fault. Our dive guides are Weefy and
Oscar. Salwin drives the boat. A woman is dropping off her daughter, Rebecca and there's an easy-going guy, JeanBaptiste. “Where are you from?” I asked him on the boat.
“France. I guess I don't have an accent” he says in a heavy French accent.
They do speak French in other countries – you could be French-Canadian. 
I am, says Lee. The Canadian who looks like Cenobyte. We circle the boat back when he loses his hat. He
comments on my Commodore 64 shirt – it's before your time, '78 – then lists a few models of machines, up to 386.
He says “a day below water is better than a day above” which he adapted from his cynical friend's slogan “a day
above ground is better than a day below”
My dad has adopted the french affectation of adding “non?” to the end of his interrogatory sentences. 
We dive at L'Abym (the abyss) – it's a wall dive – reef and a 2000 foot drop - eels and a sea turtle. Lots of
little colorful fish.
divers
After the dive we visit the little shop on the corner, next to the disco bar and acquire some awful good fried
chicken and hushpuppy things. There are fish sitting there; they seem to be fried whole. The purchase of a coke
brings with it the request to return the bottle – I don't think this island recycles, but they do reuse bottles.Disco & hushpuppies
Reggae Christmas music is playing but it's not looking a lot like Christmas.
A British guy (A Bruce named Robert) joins us on the second dive. Champagne – so-called for the sulfur
bubbles. Chase around some sea horses – larger than expected and there's a cuttle fish. We picked up a big sea
cucumber and a conch shell with a hermit crab inside. 
Bruce and Lee are with the cruise ship and heading to St. Lucia tomorrow, another island formed by volcanic
activity – there's a town with good diving called Soufrere there too (it means sulfur air).
Mother's mouthpiece seems to be too big: “My jaw hurts and I can't hear – must have gone diving (or
moshing)” Back at the cottage there's a crab crawling on a rock outside the window. Ma says “it's not as big as the spider
I saw in the bathroom” he's a shy guy, though – and crawled into a brick hole.
We shower off the salt water and then drive into town looking for groceries. Locals take fifteen minutes to
travel the seven miles and we take thirty. But you have to be a maniac to drive thirty miles an hour on these roads.
The cruise ship dwarfs the town and there are people on top of people. Some of them say hello to us as we roll by.
When I yawn a guy pretends to be blown away. Vending and madness in the street and no place to park. Narrow
streets, a parked car slalom, and a maze of one-way streets. After circling the Whitchurch IGA we sneak into a spot
and venture in. We're handed a religious pamphlet by a guy on the corner. There's a moose on the cover. Apparently
Canada is the Dominican idea of heaven. I haven't seen many cops this trip, but this place is crawling with security
guards. The place is crowded on account of the upcoming Holidays and the food selection is somewhat strange. We
head through town to the Brizee Mart to get coffee to go with our creamer. They don't have grounds in either store, so
we end up with Folger's singles. There's an actual parking lot with the Brizee mart. A woman laughed at me pushing
around my little cart. We're the only white folks in the grocery store.
Returning to town we catch the tail end of the sunset. My bed's window faces west. Cheese & crackers with
rum drinks on the porch watching the cruise ship sail away. We're drained from the day and fall asleep around 18 or
19:00
December 24, Thursday – Christmas Eve
Up at 3am after my 8 hours of sleep. The waves roar all night long. Outside my window I see stars so I grab
my glasses and binoculars and head outside. There's a faint trace of the milky way. 
We take a morning walk along the shore towards the hot spring. We pass a group of chicks and find a cock
fight in front of the church. We go back for the camera, but the fight is over. The morning dive has coral up and down, more like I expected from a dive. We're in a school of blue fish. We
head back to the abyss for the second dive – there's so much life on one side and so much empty water on the other
side. There's a big crab in a cove that jumped when Oscar poked it. And back on the boat there's a tiny crab under
mom's pants.
Christmas and Carnival are the two biggest party days in Dominica. “Where's the party?” we ask Weefy.
“Here. In the streets.” They like to watch the sun rise while they are partying. Oscar is telling us about a party he
hosted that lasted three days. “it's not over until the last drop” Someone brought a big pot and they filled it with all
kinds of food. Oddly, 150 proof French rum is popular here. People kept bringing fresh supplies and he finally had to
end it so that he could go to work. 
We head down the road to Scott's head. At this south point the leeward meets the windward side. The
windward side has high waves and a slough of lost shoes. 
There's an easy walk up to a white cross with no words that the guide book tells us is a memorial to sailors
next to the “unsightly” radio tower. There's a family of tourists with Chicago police t-shirts. They ask if we're from New Orleans because of Dad's
hat. They are from Calgary. We discuss our travels. They tell us the trail ends and it isn't feasible to make it to the
top of the rock. We find the rusty cannon and fort remains. And then we scramble up rocks. The ascent is somewhat sheer, not too bad, but I'm not looking forward to the
trip down. We spend some time admiring the view at the top.
Then Dad finds the tire tracks and we take the easy way down.
We have fish lunch at Roger's bar. Roger is an affable fellow and his name is Conrad. He brings out a
christophene, which looks like a pear, grows on a vine and is a type of squash. A stray dog comes in and a woman
yells at it to leave. There's a skirmish with a meaner looking dog on a leash and words are exchanged in the patois. A
cat wanders in and naps on the floor. 
Santa is on the plate and Sting is on the place mat – not the singer, but some kind of energy beverage. We head back to the cottage and take a nap to wake up in time for Midnight mass. 
“Why would you want to go to church?” Dad asks
“Black people church is better than white people church”
We're packing the rum/red bull drinks and takin' a shot every time they say Hallelujah
We wake up a little before midnight and walk into town, but the Soufriere church is closed. Music plays and
people stand around. It's like what they do during the day, but darker.
We're sitting on the sea wall and a fellow walks up and retrieves a bottle stashed under some corrugated iron.
It's too hard to carry a bottle around so “that's how we do it” Ah, so Christmas is like Easter around here.
Talking to a guy born in Scott's head but living in England. “It's a nice island, but there's no work here” He
suggests we go to Wotten Waven.
The guy wearing an Obama hat says “he's the world's president” and it's nice to have a leader you don't have to
apologize for. Also, the New York Yankees seem to be pretty popular here. And a White Sox hat, Michael Jackson tshirt. I expected to see a lot more dancing. We did a little two-step with the old beggar woman. She sways and claps
to the songs, but it seems like it's mostly kids and crazy people that dance around here.
My rum concoction is in a water bottle. The contents are orange, but someone chided me for drinking water
on a night that's meant for getting drunk. I'm told it is a nice disguise (even without a brown bag). A guy says his name is Eve and this is his night. Christmas Eve is about shopping in the morning and then
relax, drink rum, and get high.
Santa lost his hat
December 25, Friday - Christmas Day
We're leaving the party around 3am (long before the sun rises). I say Merry Fishmas as we pass the fishermen
on the road.
Waking up to the sun shining on the east side of the island and a reggae beat in the distance.
Skipping dives today to give the boys a rest. Driving through town people are still partying. They look tired.
Weefy didn't get to bed until 11am.
We make our way to Wotten Waven driving through rainforest without too much trouble. We stop at Ti Kwen
Glocho where they have waterfalls and mud baths. It's five dollars each, pay as you leave. The total is 59 dollars East
Carribean. The hammock says in a groggy voice “that's 15 dollar American. I know, I'm an accountant” Dad decides
not to sit in the hot spring with the slimy bottom, but he can't resist the tubs and the concrete pool. 
Down the road we stop at Shangri-La. It's a small resort type of thing run by a guy named Fred, a down to
earth country fella with a touch of eastern mysticism. The lumber for the buildings came from his farm in Tennessee.
We do a geothermal tour and see an itty bitty version of the boiling lake.Driving back to town. Busses are heading the other way. We make new friends in Roseau. The tour guides
treat us with a cheerful familiarity when we tell them that we aren't with the cruise ship. There's a restaurant/bar with
Frog Legs, Snake, and Kangaroo on the menu – the frog (mountain chicken) is endangered. Guy at the bar asks the
waitress to treat us nicely: “these guys are Dominican” We're trying to find something to eat, but the country is closed
on account of the Holiday. Even the KFC. He directs us to a Chinese restaurant, but after a weak effort we decide
against hunting it down. 
We stop and chat with tour guide Vivian John Baptiste (Tel. 767 613 1903) who guarantees he'll get us to the
boiling lake “even if you have to carry me?” 
Mother buys a hand painted shot glass for her collection from one of the trinket booths near the cruise ship.
“Have you ever seen snow?” “On TV”
Since it is in town we visit the Botanical Gardens. Hurricane David in `79 dropped a tree on a bus here and
stole the beaches' sand. Sorry, you guys. Rock you like a Hurricane. I'm sweet like a sugar cane. Something,
something nova-cane, him-a-cane.We hike up Jack's walk chasing lizards around – they seem to be the squirrels of the carribean. 
The trail keeps going and going – we're rewarded with a view of the city – and Dad tells us there's a parking lot
right here.I'd have put the cannon on a swivel
Make some spaghetti back at the cottage, the bread isn't going to last. I poked the crab that's been coming in
and out of our shower drain – I was convinced he was dead when all I saw where those skeletal legs and a blob of
body – but he withdrew. We close the drain/door, but every so often he swings it open again.
Cleanliness is next to crabbiness?
I write down the remaining days on a piece of paper and we begin to formulate a plan – for food and for fun.
Mother and I go snorkeling outside the cottage – Among other things I saw: an eel and a puffer fish. I come back at night (after a little rum) tried to make the puffer fish puff with my flashlight, but he wasn't
scared of me. Tried to make fish jump, but just pissed 'em off. It's kinda scary having just a sliver of light and so
much dark unknown.
We walk along the shore road towards Scott's head and see some large crabs scuffling with smaller crabs.
Looking at the night sky – stars, satellites, venus and her moons.
A frigate (the bird not the ship) crashes into the water trying to catch a fish. I'm skeptical of his plan. We've
seen quite a few flying fish down the way, he might have better luck there.
We say hello to passing motorists, many of them have slogans on their windshields. Many of them don't make
sense. Haterz drives like a madman. A car with white people carefully navigates around pot holes. Our neighbor's
black dog sticks his head through the fence to bark at a man carrying goods on his head and using his cell phone.December 26, Saturday – Another day, Another dive + Emerald Pools
Some larger fish are jumping pretty high so we sit and watch them for a while.
I read a few pages of The Book Thief by Mark Zusak – a story from the perspective of death in WWII it looks
interesting – mother is reading a book about a bad football player in Italy. Although it has a reputable author, the book
is of questionable merit.
Today we dive at Scott's head drop off – Vivian drives the boat today; he has gray hair. Jacks scatter school.
Some monster crabs and I want to grab one and eat it – but I'd just as likely be the grabee as the grabber. We decide to
make our next dive a night dive.
Weefy tells us we have neighbors coming in tonight. Canadians. They're crazy, he says, crazy. Crazy in a
good way? Oh, yeah. Crazy in a good way. He loves Black Russians – that kind of crazy. I wrote down “De”
because I thought his name was Derek, then I crossed it out and wrote Garret & Julia – their names are Derek and
Julie; mom refuses to call them anything other than the crazy Canadians.
In the Dive shop we chat with Karen about parties and politics. We're getting too old to stay up all night
drinking – how can Weefy do it? Drinking and driving, motorcyclists with no helmets “there are laws, but you
wouldn't know it, enforcement is lax” 
And what's up with the blue and the red? I mean, we know it's political. The flags, the signs, question marks,
UNITED written in blue on the road. Together we must... take Dominica to the next level. Well, it's all about
corruption, Venezuela, and drugs. Karen was going to run as a candidate, but they say a vote for me is a vote for
Skerrit. Workers (blue) versus Labour (red) and I have trouble keeping straight which are the “bad guys” And there
was a green party (Freedom) and a crazy guy with a yellow party, but he only got two votes (his wife and himself,
perhaps)
I'm heading to the car to get my pants, talking to my parents through the window. The car was left unlocked, a
crab could steal my pants and ma replies that the one we saw today was big enough to wear them. And I shout and
duck by the window - “quick hand me a camera” There's a big ol' centipede crawling around.
We drive up to the Emerald pool – taking a new road – a shortcut to the crossroads. After a false start it turns
out to be an effective route. We stop at a little shack and ask for directions and we're told it's just around the corner –
but on island with so many corners this is not an informative statement. We're told there will be a sign – and it is
actually surprisingly well signed (graffiti on it says “is Puck”). We offer to pick up a hitchhiker after we've stopped
and asked him for directions – but by that time we were practically there. We buy our tickets and there's a short walk
to the waterfall. A big crawfish on a rock in there. A little French kid wants to jump in, but his mother is telling himto keep his shoes on (I think). Europeans swimming in speedos, After we've done some swimming it seems the
mother has acquiesced and the French kid is in the pool too. The water is refreshing (aka cold). Weefy suggested we
bring snorkels, so I put mine on and putt around. 
Up the trail a bit more there are some scenic views of rainforest, ocean.Driving back we stop at the 7-11 for more food. We find Starbucks Frappuccino “Life is good” I think there
are some mormons in here. Gentlemen outside are asking for change, one washes our car with a dirty rag and water
from the nearby river “Your windows were very dirty and you have to do something for something” He left the
wipers sticking out and we drive for a bit like that until we get across the road, somewhere a little less shady and putthem back flush against the windshield. 
Driving back from Roseau
this quad passed us 
As we're prepping for our night dive the Canadians arrive and make some noise, hugs exchanged. “Russian
winter has arrived” Brought a special gallon of black market, back alley Khalua for their two week stay. “The first
thing we had to do was stop at a beer store for Kubulis” With a smile we say “there go our quiet evenings on the
porch...” 
Flashlights for the night dive – we go back to Scott's Head drop. More crabs, beady eyes. Still working on
buoyancy, moving in 3D – it's like being in space. Relaxing when done right - move as little as possible and slowly,
slowly. Playing with the phosphorescents was really cool. Flashlights off moving your hand or kicking your fins stirsup little blue lights.
Back at the cottage I break out the Guiness “Foriegn Extra” I used a can of tuna to hold down the lid to my
ramen. Ma shouts “I don't want you cookin' my tuna! Are you writing that down?”
The Tampico we bought is only 1% juice and comes from Chicago, IL. “Would you like to try it with some
rum?”
I saw the spider behind my bed, as big as my palm, gone in a flash. He's about as big as the crab in the drain.
We're shining flashlights into the water – trying to get fish to jump. We hear a canadian voice ask if we're
looking for mermaids. Derek sticks his head out and we chat with our upstairs neighbors – balcony to balcony.
Happy Boxing Day! What does Boxing Day mean? Well, they've been traveling since 1am to get here in one day.
One year he wanted to be under the water at midnight on New Years, but it's another party day – Weefy said you know
where the tanks are, the keys to the boat, have fun, but I'm not coming with you. 
December 27, Sunday – Birds and beaches
We're skipping dives today since mom's ears are hurting. All our pans are grooved so we poach some eggs to
eat with our spam. There are fishermen out, throwing rocks at fish. Another cruise ship rolls in. Clouds creep past
the mountain side.
The Canadians are walking to the dive shop as we drive by – we stop and pick up Derek's bag. And head off
on our beach adventure after some morning chatter.
I should have brought my machete – almost everybody carries one. Do you think that they have rentals? 
We decide we're getting dive tattoos – mom is getting a seahorse on the ankle, I'm getting gills.
A coastal drive (keep the ocean on the left and we'll be fine) 
"Cow." "Bull." "Don't believe me?"
Does that cow have a bonnet? No, he has a rope – that's how you steer him.
Sign says there are no wild goats.
Don't mess with his goats
Up to the Devil's mountain. “You should feel right at home here, Dave” Do you think they are open on
Sundays. You can't close a mountain, (but they do turn off the waterfall). On the mountain we lost the extra half a
lane of wiggle room. There are places where we're hitting plants with both sides of the car. “If you honked your horn
for every blind corner you'd never get off your horn” We spot a cappabara crossing the road. Two men are washing
their truck in the spot where the river runs over the road. His shirt says "Super Bitch"Free sample
At the end of the road we reach the Syndicate Falls bird sanctuary and there is another car rented from
Courtesy. It's a German taking a tour (we're the #1 travelling country, he says) We walk around the rainforest, hear
some birds, but don't spot any parrots. On the way out we're stopped by a head of dreads who asks if we have our tickets – there wasn't any body to
sell them to us. He asks our next destination. We're probably going up to Portsmouth. Could you be honest with
yourselves, buy tickets and leave them in the Texaco in Portsmouth?
There are friendly signs for the tomato, but they are closed and we end up stopping at KFC. Our new German
friend shows up a few minutes later. Heck yeah, I want to eat here
When we get in the car a find a little green spider on my hand and try to get a picture of him.
If he bit me I'd probably get super powers
At the Coconut Beach hotel the sand is kinda black and Dad digs a crab out of his hole – about a foot down
and a little to the left. We chase him around a bit. He hides and only his eyes stick out.We never quite made it to the Texaco. At Castaways beach in Mero there are bigger waves, they knock us
about a bit. The black sand is nicer here and they sell ice cream. The shadows are getting long and I am sun drained.
I hide under a toweltaking video. 
On the way out we chase little yellow car "Brain Damaged" backwards halfway though the town.Driving back through Roseau the arrow at the t-intersection seems to say you can't turn right so we turn left.
And now we're stuck behind a guy in a wheel chair wearing a Shrek backpack. At the next intersection there is a car
driving towards us with flashing blue LEDs. You're driving the wrong way, they inform us. “You could be charged
for that” We apologize and continue on our way.
I put my shirt on over my seat belt, pinning it to me. “Don't unbuckle me” I shout as mother lends assistance.
My glasses have re-broken and I've busted a button on my swimming shorts – feeling better after a
desalinating shower.
Chatting with Derek: the island has a river for every day and a waterfall for every month. There's gonna be
some cruise ship people diving tomorrow – it's been nice having the boat to our selves. 
We break out the Zing, Ping, the Sting. (How can you not remember what it's called after all the Police
references) It has Bois Bande bark – one of the many things the islanders add to beverages to alter their properties.
Playing sporks for shots of it – it's fairly nasty – has a licorice, Jaeger taste to it “good thing you only got one bottle”I added an umlaut to the Fruta to make a little smile and brighten it up. I went on a spy mission to see if the
Canadians' bikes were up stairs and on the way I saw some creepy crawlies on the wall – a lizard and another shadow.
We head into town and near Weefy's bar there is a steel drum school band playing Christmas music. “Hold my
beer and watch this” I say to Dad as I take a video of their rendition of 3 little birds. Next they play a swiss mountain
song. The band take a break then replays their playlist – some kids are dancing around. 
There's a large bug jumping near us, looks vaguely like a cockroach. “I don't want that in my pants”
The smell of good food – fish and chicken – mixes with sea and garbage / open sewers. 
Derek is drinking rum & coke – the Black Russians, we learn, are saved for special occasions.
Talking about percussion - “You play the glockenspiel” “I'll glock your spiel”Playing spoons on the sea wall, trying to recruit new players we invite the guy sitting next to us. He only
speaks French, but we figure we can teach him how to play. He holds his cards and studies them – this is supposed to
be a fast moving game. I can only remember how to count to three in French and the Spanish isn't working. I keep
saying quoi and je ne se. Various other fragments. Bon soir and Frere Jacques. It's pretty amazing how much French
we don't know. He comes from Guadaloupe and we learn his apelle (Joel Gauthied). He shows us a magic trick –
finding the ace of spades. We make the sign for sleeping and head back to the cottage.
December 28, Monday – Why is the rum gone?
Soy nuts on the rail to endear the bullfinch to us. He practically came in the house. Spastic little guy.
Sitting in the dive shop. Derek works in a quarry – rocks to Dad's dirt – so they talk about big machines and
manly stuff. A busload of cruise ship people come barging in – it's a bit like being invaded. We smile at them but stay
on separate sides of the room. A few of them are over weight and under experienced. We're still amateurs, but they
make us look graceful.Derek, Weefy, and Salwin prepare for fun
One guy looks like Fuzz and he was pretty cool – he's staying on the island and isn't with the cruise ship.
Eleven people on the boat – it's gonna be a busy day. First dive is at L'Abym. We see a big barracuda and a
couple of turtles – it's good this big stuff showed up because this group isn't well-suited to seeing the little stuff. The
Canadians break off with Oscar and stay down longer than the rest of us. There's a big boatful of snorkelers as we
surface, a line snaps, the boat swings (with my father between the two), but there isn't any catastrophe.
The Canadians head into town for supplies rather than doing the second dive. We return to Scott's Head Drop
off. Ma spotted a big moray eel. We stayed down for extra time after everyone else returned to the boat. We hear
rumors of big snow and terror in Chicago, but it all seems so far away – it's nice to be disconnected. It's all good.Mother chats up the norwegian kayakers. They were at Scott's Head while we were diving there, but the water
was cloudy 'til about 15 feet down so they didn't see much.
Dad is saying Oscar & Felix (the odd couple) when he means Oscar & Weefy – they're actually more like
Laurel & Hardy. Weefy is shorter, wider, louder. More likely to be smiling and laughing. Oscar is tall and quiet,
more laid back. Salwin is quiet, too. Polite with a permanent, mischievous grin.
The last day creeped up fast, but we had a whole lot of fun on the island. There's ants in my pants, crawling
along the floor and into my suitcase – ma sprayed it with poison and I hope it doesn't cause me trouble at the airport.
We drive back up to Roseau for supplies and cash. Passed a tourist and had a few more near misses. Being
run off the road hardly phases me any more. Gasps and shudders are down 75%. 
The IGAATM is still out of order so we walk to the Bank of Canada. Tuna dinner at Port of Call – it's a
somewhat shady place, but they serve good food.
Back at the cottage I'm falling asleep. Mom offers me a foosh. I say karate chop which leads to pork chop,
lamb chop, and next thing you know mom can't stop singing the song that never ends.
Holding pringles in one hand and a tumbler with Sunny D + rum in the other. We can't knock on the door with
this – so Dad drives up to Soufriere for beer. Brings back a vita malt – a non-alcoholic malt beverage – tastes like
liquid frosted flakes gone wrong. When playing spoons for that theres a real incentive to grab one. All the grossness
of sweet beer, none of the benefits of drunkenness. My new favorite beverages
We're trying to nonchalantly get the attention of the Canadians; it seems a bit weird to explicitly solicit it.
They seem to be having dinner. While we're filling out log books Derek shouts down an invitation. “We got Black
Russians c'mon up.”
“I like this guy; he's a walking bar” I have a six pack of Kubuli in a Smirnoff Ice box and a bottle opener
tucked into my camera strap. Drinking with Derek, Julie, and Weefy. Solving the world's problems. There are good
and bad people of every race, color, creed (but Quebec and Jamaica can get wiped out by a tsunami). Derek is like my
uncle Tom, a troublemaker stirring the pot “but it's all in good fun” For the 3rd or 4th time he tells us the story of a wild
party and Oscar shouting “It's Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve” then re-passing-out. Alcohol or Alzheimer – it's
all good. Telling tales of travels and rehashing good times and bad. The lights go off and then back on – the ghost of
a mouse – moose is good eating. Derek was once under a table punching a mouse to death while two cats look on and
his nineteen year old son stands on a chair screaming like a girl. Shout out “new subject” when things get morose.
We're trying not to think about our float back up to reality. I say that Puerto Rico is our safety stop and the Canadians
liked that line.December, 29 Tuesday – When the volcano blows
In the morning we settle up with Karen – the Canadians get the boat to themselves in the morning, but cruiseshippers will make another crowded boat in the afternoon. I'm taking pictures trying to grasp the last few moments of
this peaceful life.
The drive back to the airport is much faster than the drive down. We find ourselves returning on the road we
turned back on - (we've learned so much, we're old pros at this). 
Drive up the north-east coast a bit to Calibishi. Kokonutz is closed so we buy some crackers and eat them with
cheese by the sea. These are the biggest waves we've seen so far. There is a cow on the road.
He backed up when almost hit by a truck
Following the advice of the guide book we park near “My Father's Place” and after a few false starts navigate
our way down to a beach. Boys wrestling, critters crawling around. We pose for pictures by palm trees.“If we were in the states and a man came running towards me with a machete I'd be scared”check this guy out – he's bananas
Return the rental car – there's a discussion over the green paint, but there was no real damage so we're not
charged for it. 
At the airport Dad gets a Kubuli and I share a “local juice” I'm recognized by a guy from Port of Call - “Very
cool, mon” 
Security is heightened, they took our carry-ons and didn't give them back. The guard got pretty frisky, I feel he
owes me dinner. They searched us again in the terminal and scrutinized camera bags.
We get on the plane and in the seat behind Dad there is a baby that cries almost the entire time.
After some time there is an announcement. We've been diverted to St. Thomas, US virgin islands. There's no
applause after this landing. Please remain in your seats until the captain lets us know whether we're going to deplane
or not. Apparently a volcano erupted in Montserrat and there are ashes in our flight path.(This interruption does not make sense to anyone.)
We leave the plane via steps and help the mother of the crying baby gather up her stroller. She looks like Kate
from Lost and is traveling alone. We make our way through customs. The scanner guy has a sense of humor – the
sand looked suspicious on the scanner, but it's benign – he seemed to think it was pretty cool and asked where we got
it. A guy is traveling with his sister (guard says “wife is the same thing, you know each other's business”). They let
his breadfruit go through – they're looking for things like pork.
Durand with the TSA is a wide, blustery fellow. “Do I have to baby sit these guys? Go outside, I want to go
home” The airport is supposed to be closed and they can't leave until we do. An agent with a gray beard is helping
us out. They are letting people leave, escorted in small groups. 
Airport security is all they're talking about on CNN. 
An 800 number is announced and it gets us a flight tomorrow from here to Chicago through Boston. Now we
need a place to sleep. Hotels nearby are filled up, but TSA agents help us track down a room at the Bella Vista Scott
Hotel. We share a cab there with some Dominican women. Cab driver says the ashes only speak Spanish so they
went to Puerto Rico rather than here. It's a small world – the cab driver is from Dominica and related to the women.
They discuss island politics and Skeritt's upcoming comeuppance.
We get to the hotel and a woman asks me if I'm with Dominos. I kinda shake my head and she says sorry.
There's some kind of African party going on.
Dinner at a restaurant across the way and I eat some goat – falling asleep on the bench.
December 30, Wednesday – I'm not even supposed to be here today
Wake in St. Thomas at 5am with a sore ankle and a 15:00 flight to Boston.This is a much nicer hotel than the one we had booked in Puerto Rico.
Gina is the one who asked me if I was with Dominos – she and her husband Joe are Canadians that were
supposed to catch the cruise ship in Dominica, but their flight was canceled due to weather. Joe looks a bit like
Wilfred Brimley. Their ship is sitting in the port, just a little down the street.
The name on the receipt is Ms. Joan Bennet since mother made the phone call and used Dad's name.
Head to the grocery store for breakfast – Ting and Toaster Struedals. 
It's raining now – the hotel clerk with a streak of blue hair asks what I'm doing standing in the rain.
Down the road a little bit there are some kids playing basketball with a shopping cart for a basket and they
invite me to take a shot.
We go into town and visit touristy strip malls. Someone is muttering to himself. “I live here, too” and then he
mumbles something about his cat.
We buy some pistachio provisions (granola bar things and thick liquor). The best part is the green slime it
leaves on your lip.
We go through security again and check on Kate. A TSA agent brought her home last night and cooked her
breakfast, bought her formula, and brought her back. We learn that her daughter's name is Naima, but never really
learn her name or that of her little brother.
They announce that airport operations have ceased on account of the weather. It's just a little rain, but they cite
low visibility. We play spoons to pass the time. Sitting next to an old woman reading the Devil's Punch Bowl. The
terminal isn't very big. Wander down the hallway, start conversations, bought some rum at the duty free shop.
Evening is rolling in, they keep pushing back the departure time, then finally turn off the monitor. We're
hoping for a departure in the 21:00s now – we've missed the flight from Boston to Chicago. We don't really expect toget out of here tonight.
The airport is getting full, people aren't getting out. There's a steady hum that drops as they make
announcements. Sorry we have no information at this time. It sounds like we apologize for the convenience (it's
quicker that way). Eventually they announce that the plane bound for Miami has arrived. That subsection of the
terminal cheers. Then “Please disregard that last announcement” It's the plane for Boston And our subsection cheers.
But the flight crew is illegal and we're still waiting for the new one to arrive from Miami.
There's a gate change. Since Miami and Boston planes should both be arriving soon. A few people shuffle a
few feet towards the door. Please be aware that this is not a boarding call.
“Could you two gentlemen that are on Cape Air's computer please get off” And kids are chasing two birds
through the airport.
We get on the plane near 22:00 and I'm sitting in the back of the plane next to Naima and her mother. My
parents are in the front. The little girl says to me “I love this book” (I'm reading Candide by Voltaire) “but this one is
good, too” (the safety instructions of the plane)
December 31, Thursday – New Years Eve Day
We arrive in Boston at 1:45 am to a very chilly reception. The terminal is cold and the agent nearby is quite
curt. You can't stay here, I can't help you, direct questions to security. At the baggage claim we recover the bags of
my parents. Mine, they tell me, might be on its way to Chicago. We wander towards a different part of the airport and
kill time before our 6am flight. 
We chat a bit with a guy from London who had nothing but bad weather and trouble on his vacation in St.
Thomas. Intermittent naps. Boston cream donuts with Shamrock sprinkles from Dunkin' Donuts. 
When we make our way to ticketing and baggage check-in we're in the back of a long line. As we get near the
end of the line they start giving priority to the people on the 5:30 flight to Miami.
I put on some additional clothes from Dad's suit case. Every time I look down at myself I'm surprised to find
myself wearing pajama pants. We go through security yet again and the x-ray guy says to me “Jammies. Nice move”
We make it to the terminal with ~40 minutes to spare. The announcements on this flight are not bilingual like
they were to San Juan and there's a provision in there about heavy winter coats. Yup, this trip is over. Not a single
clap when the plane lands in Chicago. The plane is moving on the ground for a long time before it stops. We just
crossed a bridge over a road.
The weather is 32 degrees and no strong wind, so it's not as bad as I had feared. Driving home it's nice to be
able to see another car on the road without flinching.
