The cheap lot is full so I have to go a step up
On the shuttle bus from the parking lot to the airport I realize I don’t have my keys.
Digging through my bag.  Searching and researching.  Rechecking my pockets.
Did I drop them?  Leave them in the lock or ignition?
I circle back and find them sitting on the seat.  Locked car.
Well, at least I know where they are.  I run the odds in my head.
I’ll deal with it when I get back.
Southwest texts me, tells me my plane is delayed.
  

I think that infinity dollars is a bit too much to pay for a t-shirt.


  

I land in the window between my parents and Aunt Kim passing by the airport
So I’m passed to the “B” team.
I finish coordinating and wait for my ride.
They indulge my desire to see a driver with my name on a sign.
Just one time I’d like to see it waiting for me when I land.
In the panic and the fray they misspelled my name the first time.
“But that’s the part that is also your name”
I washed the grapefruit off my arm then jumped in the car and ate some grapes
In search of a bathroom for Diana we end up in the Mall of America
How can there possibly be this many shoe stores?
I dip my finger in the lotion and taste it.  Who needs tongue depressors?
It’s like a mixture of soap and schnaps.  


The GPS sounds insane.
Every turn is a left one.
Speak a command.
I didn’t understand that.  Please repeat.
How about a nice game of thermonuclear war?


  

Cheeky little gas station
  



Night cap at the bar across from the hotel
The Cheesy Bread is Good.  
It’s amateur hour on the bike jumps.  Flippin’ crashes, rare landings.
Pit Guy trying to help out adds insult to injury by running over the driver.


Dude gets excited, points at us.
We’re looking around like, wha?
Hey, nice waffles!
  

He made them himself.


Honey badger don’t care.


There’s no French Vanilla creamer, despite the International Delight sign
but mom is able to negotiate a special delivery by Derek
  

A whole big bottle and It’s ours to keep.
We write him a thank-you note.  Ending it with:
“You are awesome”


Lisa gets a text from the establishment and so we’re off to Old Navy for $1 Flip Flops
Upon infiltration we’re told that people were waiting in line for them.  Madness.
  

I almost refused to get a pair because, as a man, I can only choose between black, and a color that’s like black.  And I can’t get sharks or skulls or other awesome things.
Flip Flop buying extravaganza.  Bags and Bags full.  (Limit 5 per person)


  

A lot of work went on behind the scenes to make this a pleasant day
I appreciate that I could just show up and enjoy it


  

Happiness this way.  I think that it’s a trap.


Sunday morning a trip to the Zoo since it’s near the airport
  

Aieee, it’s Pretzilla!  (Hey, nice pretzel buns)






  

This little guy was really scooting along
as the lizard he wants to eat bobs his head


No.  I won’t take a picture of the bobcat.  I sit on them all day, he says.


Through the airport without incident


  

I find my car with the keys still in it.  
A simple wedge, a bag of air and a big metal pole and I’m back in.
