Girls talking lots of clucking at the wine bar. 
Glorious warm.  Cross the street.  Irish Pub.  Small town.  Happy Mardi Gras happy hockey season.  blues On TV.
I panic and order Blue moon.  It's not a new row in my spreadsheet.
I wonder if Dave is the one with the beard.


"Nobodys thrown anything yet.  This is wonderful."


And then I order a Delirium. I love the bottle.  Tolerate the beer.


Walking in Memphis.  Ruby Tuesday.
Acoustic.  A little bit country.


Hunting camouflage and a lone geek in a whacky suit.  And me.  In trench.


I think that Dave is not the one with the beard.


I'm Jeff he said?


Paisley and a baseball cap that says blues hockey.


Monsanto and Purina I can tell the game is in STL and not Detroit.  Jimmy Johns PNC Bud light Schnucks.


Dave is the reason I came but I'm skeptical to the point of near contempt.


6-0 shutout win.


Suits and the men that wear them are evil.


"Rehab is for quitters"


A nice chat with Craig.  A local.  Non clinical hospital work.  Wife and two kids.


He's married but advises against it.


Offered multiple times to buy me a beer.
Was I therefore a X chromosome from meeting a woman or from being ignored.


Self effacing and claims to be boring.  The kind of man that makes the Midwest so friendly.  But make no mistake he'd be good in a scrap.


What are you reading?  Sherlock Holmes. How many times have you read it?


Your first time here?


His wife is a reader a teacher.  A professor even.  Something about psychology.


I think 80 percent of the women are blonde or at least dyed that way.


He's talking about key west and then sings about it a song that Jimmy Buffet  covered too.  Uncle Johns band (Jerry Garcia)


And then I accidentally order a Bass and they need to rekeg it.


And that's how two women claimed my island.


I run the calculations hours and ounces and dollars.  I think that I can drive.


Sweater man thanks and hugs wheelchair man.  For coming to my birthday party. I love this song.  drift away.


One man vaguely like Buddy Holly and the suited geek vaguely like a cross between Justin Timberlake and Mnke.


A 24 year old chatting up the two early forties that stole my seat.


Cranberry and vodka and swill beer.  Michelob.


Corpulent in front of me skeletal to the left and voluptuous to the right.  That's also where the beer is.


That which makes me superior to swine matters not one whit in here.


Out at 2330 and never heard the name
