9/29


Strangeloop opening.
This is usually part reunion, but it’s early still.  So far no familiar faces.
Platinum sponsor is comcast.  And I was listening to net neutrality talk on the way over.
I seem to see a lot of smug arrogance.  Neckbeards and man buns.


Opening keynote
Measuring tail (latency)
Lowering cost of electricity with better software.
Lucene is telling you where Mickey Mouse is.
Cumulative Distribution Function is your friend.  Use it to do offline processing.
Using parallelism for to reduce latency (instead of the usual, to increase throughput)
My pen says Pilot in 3 places.  That seems excessive.


Biological Path Toward Strong AI
“There’s a small protest going on outside”
Clever pre-talk banter.
Raise your hand if you think humans are intelligent.
Neuroscience, particularly the neo cortex.
(A 10 year old startup)


ANNs are old.  We’ve learned more about neurons, but most models haven’t caught up.
Postulates that to be intelligent it must move.
Name one exception
Stephen Hawking
Awwwww


Columns have layers have neurons
Distal connections put cells into a predictive state.
This finger helps this finger figure out what you’re touching.


In between talks.  Adam has had some car trouble.  
He maps out a route to a mechanic on my phone.
I feel like I could have done more to help, but I trust he’s capable of solving this problem.


Next room.  Nick and Tyler are talking about running PublicExecutor commands on workers.
A talk on memory allocators.  Too much dancing, not enough tech.
My ESVP analysis denigrates from Shop to Prisoner
“She doesn’t need to know about tap or jazz”


It me.  Web Authentication
Encryption != Hashing
Adobe encrypted passwords, but not the hints.
Timing safe string comparisons is something I haven’t really thought about before.


Antics, Drift, and Chaos
How a unit test brought down Netflix.
“Complex systems exhibit unexpected behavior”
John Gall - one of those non-CS guys with a lot of relevance to our field
“A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over with a working simple system.”
Reasonable local decisions can lead to global problems.


A program to turn horses into zebras.
More deep learning & neural networks.


Duck out a little early from Strangeloop, drive with traffic, cars, listening to Harmontown.
Arrive at Collinsville, Archon.  Encounter Ken almost immediately.  
I can’t believe he remembers my name so readily.


It’s a very different crowd from strangeloop.  An entirely different bingo card.
Even more beards,but fewer manbuns?
I still feel like an outsider here, but it’s an unexpected inversion.
I feel like a freak for being too “Normal”




Opening Ceremonies.  
“We take full credit for the weather”
Unseasonably warm.


White castle then Game of Thrones panel.
“A family with a sack full of faces”


Some Filking in Mississippian.
Pirates and a guy that looks like Steve Twigger from Gaelic storm.
Plagued by technical difficulties.
Bravado and confidence for a small crowd hardly engaged.
Makes the eclipse band’s audience feel like even more of a rousing success.
Gracious purple hair moves one chair over, the room has a gentle charm.


Then to the main event, the Mad Poet Joey Froehlich
He’s retired now.  A little laconic, but with a subtle energizing joie de vivre.
I must watch Big Eyes.  Christoph Waltz and Tim Burton.
Stacks of yellow legal pad.  Wrote about 500 poems this year.
These got a check, these are the ones that Amoreena thought were good.
She’s not here this year.  


  

Audience is 
Eye Fez
A 17 year old girl
Ken
Me
Patty


  

Seagrams juiced to 3.2% and 90 proof straight Kentucky Bourbon from the Flask.
“They don’t make it like this any more”
Basil Gogos Monster Portraits.
I take a picture with his “eyephone”
“Plastic spoons melting in my food…   Who comes up with this shit!?”
“Biker nipples!  What the Hell does that mean!?”
  





Head home and prepare for another Strangeloop
Rebuilding the Cathedral
Gogol Bordello & Mountain Goats play on the PA in the main hall.


A keynote on open source technologies
In 2001 208k projects on Sourceforge
In 2017 20 million on github


“The best minds of my generation are thinking about how to make people click ads”
“destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked”


No Such Thing as a Fish talking about DEF CON and Ourroborus.


Anticipation, a year and a wait.
A pyramid inverted, pressing down on a handful of hours
Interesting how small the delta actually is.


Biomaterials as UI
Nature is full of sensors and actuators
Bacteria to create heat modulating clothing
Making ears out of apples.


YFG stands for Your Favorite Gene


What we learned from building a DSl was: don’t implement a DSL
Users will learn to abuse your language as quickly as they learn to use it.


Incident command system.  Report up, delegate out
“Never waste a good crisis”
“Try to be the waffle house of the Internet”


Need to skip out on Adam Savage’s talk to catch Joey’s panel on the Dark Universe
