DEF CON XXX - DaveCon 1.0
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Monday
DEF CON XXX - DaveCon 1.0
  

Wednesday
Managed to bork the OS on my laptop in the last couple of days, so I have a fresh install of Kali
MK Factor is doing the badge again and it was fun connecting to it last year


Guy behind me is coughing
At least he’s wearing a mask
But now I believe he’s navigating the purchase of a cheese tray
The sound is an anathema 


Reading Sagan, demon-haunted world
“Aviators who pilot miraculous mechanisms created by man’s genius wear amulets on their sweaters.
What inexhaustible reserves they possess of darkness, ignorance and savagery!”
Um, OK.  Switch to Gibson, Pattern Recognition for a lighter flavor
Little things I like about his style, like spelling words the way characters hear them


Land and make use of the facilities
A phone number on the bathroom stall, ok, it’s bad, but not uncommon
But for Reagan they threw in a social security number.  Now, that’s just an extra dick move


I thought I’d have to kill some time, based on what google maps told me it should take Ryan to get here from Prescott, 
But my flight hits a little delay and we arrive basically contemporaneously
Head to the cell phone lot and await the arrival of Aaron aka Johnny Two Shoes
It’s not gonna be the same without Kyle.  Apparently, he’s got stray cats.  A huge upgrade from the pigeon shit porch.
Head out for supplies.  GPS to a liquor store.  Then to tacos 
  

Ryan’s receipt has both the sex number and the weed number.  Classic.  Nice.
  

My first Mexican ramen.  A lot more meat than I was expecting.


  

Wicked pickle mostly just tastes like a pickleback
Not much at all in the way of heat
So it actually tastes fairly good
Which seems to upset Johnny a little bit
Who expected to hate it


Wander through the casino a little, orienting
Head to Harrah’s, but it’s still too hot to take in any of the strip
And Vegas doesn’t really hold much appeal to us outside DEF CON 
So we stick to the Linq and seek out a centrally located bar
On my first pass I’m not 100% sure it’s him, but circle back and confirm that it’s my STL buddy Joe
We catch up a bit, it has been too long, we live in the same city, but I practically only ever see you at cons.
The hackerspace they run is awesome.  I just don’t get out enough.
I bring up PepperCon and Ryan has them on discord so he pulls up a photo to confirm it 
Coincidentally that’s them here now
So we go over there to chat


Johnny takes a shot from Ryan's whiskey bottle and yeah, I'm sore afraid of that devil juice
He shows the picture of the prep stage.  Those are Carolina Reapers
  He meant to let it sit for 2 days, forgot about it, went 4
The consensus is that it is OP 
Will be nerfed in the next revision 


Again, I’m not a huge fan of hot, don’t have the tolerance of these folks, 
But by now I know I can handle it without too much embarrassment
So I take another powder shot and get another badge


Someone mistook the PepperCon badge as an early-access official DEF CON badge
They must be new to #badgelife 


Ryan donates bags of peppers to the cause
We head back to the room to drink more
And bitch about work, basically 


  

Elevator makes scary noises.  One moreso than the other.  It’s a major villain in our sub-plot
“You love to hear it”
“It's a goddamn death trap”
“Good luck”


Back in the room we’re watching random vids
A healthy dose of Mighty Boosh, and associated oddness


  

This guy has put an uncanny amount of effort into DaveCon.  OK, fine, let’s make it happen


Thursday
LineCon is BestCon
We start around 7
Ryan is done about an hour before us because he pre-registered
  

The badge is like a gorram mogwai.  Mess with it and you’ll get a gremlin
Or actually, just a dead mogwai I guess.  Yeah, not a good metaphor


Costco run for snacks/drinks
Then pick up our DaveCon badges
Digital Insight Printing.  Same Dave Service
We got “Just a Dave doing Dave things” from the t-shirt my folks got me
And Participant, evoking the taco night t-shirts


When we show up to pick up the badges, seems the guy is gonna have to look in the back for them
He asks if it’s for a company
No…
Are there any distinctive features on the cards?
It says DaveCon…
  
  

Just five more dollars to double the order to 500.  So we went for it, of course.  Turns out it was a great choice.
3x4 is the perfect size
The card stock holds up nicely


We spy two hole punches for sale in the FedEx shop passing through the Flamingo
But the navigation of the purchase is non-trivial
They can't accept credit or cash money for it
Someone is remoted into their system
Updating it
Trying to stop the DaveCon
But they can charge it to our room (FL FED EX (LSD))


Head to Famous Dave’s for the inaugural DaveCon meal
  



The next morning’s ablutions aren’t the burning nightmare I might have feared
PepperCon has got the powder blend down to a great science
Painful for sure, but tolerable enough to be accessible to absolutely anyone
Ryan’s Reaper Whiskey on the other hand…
When he told me about it, I was excited to try it.
After I smelled it and remembered my first hot shot (DC27)
There’s no way I’m gonna so much as sip it


Head over to the toxic BBQ
Lounge around a bit, early.
Help chain material from the UHAUL to the pavilion
There’s a road runner


New friend gives us some buds
And pulls out some airplane bottles of Jack Daniels
He’s got a Cali vibe, but he’s actually from Wisconsin.  And living in Colorado.  A bartender, looking to get into tech
OK, that accommodates both the weather-tolerance and the stoner disposition.  He can handle snow, fo sho
He's no stranger to hot shit, but the reaper whiskey seems to have thrown him for a bit of a loop
“I drink Tabasco as water and that shit fuckin hurts”


This guy heard “Carolina Reaper Whiskey” and stops to talk with us
Brings over some coworkers


We got a guy what looks like Tommy Wiseau
So we start talking about the Room
Disaster artist
Samurai cop


Bouncing from one conversation to the next
Spreading the gospel of Dave
“Are you a cult?”
“Yeah, that’s the goal.  You got any suggestions?”
Solve traffic


The guy starts by asking around the definition of wetness
Then we move on to solving the fly problem
My opening gambit was lasers
We have an infinite budget
And then onto biological solutions.  Lizards
But I think his fan-based solution wound up being my favorite
And then actually talking about our jobs
His analysis of log data had some remarkable parallels with stuff we do


Joe and Me and Aaron are in the ring
A Vegas native asks:  “Do you guys know each other?”
I point out Ryan to complete the chain
“Is that guy cool?”
Wants to take a picture of his mohawk - that’s what I want, moreso than the one I have
Sure, yeah, he’s cool
Understandably skeptical, but he does go over and get his pic and join their discussion
We’ve re-lanyarded the badges to avoid the spreading shorting crisis


  
  

The “you may have won a free cruise” people seemed pretty out of place 
But turns out the content on the card is weird enough that maybe it's not what they seem at face value
  
  

Later on, their booth in the contest area confirms it
But I'm still not calling that number
Google isn't helping
Maybe I'll come across a postmortem 


By this point I’ve had too much of the too-strong Gin and Tonic I mixed
We wind up to the right of the pavilion, if you’re facing it from the parking lot
Siobhan does a shot of the reaper whiskey.  [One of the few souls brave enough to do it twice during con]


The weather is coming, we can see it
So we head back to the hotel.  Then the rain comes down in vengeance


  



  



Head to the chillout area for music
There are bubbles, a small approximation of dancing
It’s EDM.  Paul would love this


Friday
  

It’s liberty spikes with accompanying shirt today.
Ryan and I head down for an opening talk, while Johnny 2-Shooz continues to snooze
Lots of people say to him “I like your hair”
And he likes to pretend they are saying “I like you’re here”
  



In the contest area we spy some free lanyards that we snag for DaveCon 


  



  
  

find the card that reminds me to check out the challenge


  

(Basically a full day’s gap here in my paper notebook)
“At least it’s a dry heat” Ryan seems to be suffering from logorrhea.  
Saying a lot, for stretches at a time, while failing to convey any new information.


At the hardware hacking village people keep asking this guy to fix their badge but it's not his purview


One excitedly waves him over, so now
Ryan is chatting with 4 middle-aged ladies at Calypso
They look midwestern
They touch his hair
Was that a code of conduct violation?
No, it was consensual


There’s no LineCon for DaveCon
DaveCon comes to you


Napped a little long
Hacker Jeopardy room is filling up
  

We have to sit near the back.  It’s nice to see beach balls in full swing.  
Chopstick baby is back.  Once again I manage to not fuck that up
  

We’re waiting on beer
At some point Lintile says “Dave’s not here”


What is port 23?  Telnet shows up again
Hacker Jeopardy has embraced its nmap nature


First category is log4j (but they pronounce it log forge)


Spotted Jayson Street.  Still some ‘usual suspects’ I haven’t seen yet
I’ll text Claudus if I get some down time


  



  

Spend some time at QueerCon, a fairly chill place to chat


  

Cannibal's
Saturday
Whats her name?  Moxie?  We’ve talked with her before.
At the end Ryan asks her handle.
Ahh, it’s Hellcat.  She got it in 2016
I think we first found her as part of the guerilla dance party
She’s very intense, fire, and passion
Chatting Mohawks at the bar
No EFF booth this year 


  

  

Hole punch so furious, I got DaveCon dots on my head


Discussing the diminishing returns with another long-time attendee.  
How eye-opening that first year was
“It's been
Like you said
Chasing that high”
The two years that it went missing provided that detox
So this year it came back with a vengeance 
Homecoming is an adroit theme.
Recognition of kindred spirits
Out there I’m an outlier
Here I feel normal


Same age as me, this defconparties guy was an inspiration for the seckc people
We bond and bitch and awe bit about the younger folks, exquisite convo
Exchange a DaveCon badge for a tattoo
He has an interest in us unknowns
Write this down
Dave is now


A Californian says the Australians are talking about DaveCon 


OK, so we’ve had the locusts, thunderstorms
We’re working on getting all the plagues to DEF CON
Ryan sez “Thank you for coming to my toad talk” 
So this is gonna culminate in the death of firstborn sons.  Oh wait.  Fuck.


Next morning
Elevator bro asks me if there’s a convention going on
I tell him yeah, and explain briefly
“DEF CON is expensive, but DaveCon is free” and hand him a badge


I make effort to nap, but really it’s just more like furtively conserving energy
I feel like I’ve already used up all my words.  Still too early to start drinking to get them back without risking disaster
Head down to AI village for something I flagged in HackerTracker
dadabots.com
AI death metal.  Metal isn’t exactly my favorite genre, but I’ve long-time been interested in procedurally generated sound
Neural Synthesis
They generated a pretty good sounding nonce word NOFX song Bot Prownies
“Skynet has taken over humans and this is the soundtrack”
“It’s called Nuns in a Moshpit”
“In conclusion the end is near and we’re selling merch”


Wandering through villages, a sampler platter
Any one of these could take up the whole duration if you gave it justice
So I feel like I’m just soaking up the unique delicious ambiance, overwhelming my senses, and losing track of time
Bop into crash and compile - the coding competition combined with drinking game


Play with a master lock for a little bit in the lockpick village
Sounds at the next table we got a new recruit to attend hacker jeopardy


Hand my ID to the liquor store cashier
He says we were born in the same year
The Truly is overpriced.  20 dollars for 12 here
5 dollars each on-premise
So it's contraband
But more likely to be tutted than punished, it seems
Walking back with it in hand, girls say give me one, give me one
I'm actually kinda tempted
Willing to share drinks but I don't think they're here for the con and I'm not that interested in the sorts of stories they'd share 


Found Jaku
I got gifted a Max headroom pin (for having your own con) and signed some DaveCon badges
Glad I decided to bring a sharpie
Didn't have a concrete plan for it
Was sorely tempted to leave it home
Last time I used one here I wound up giving it to someone who likely used it for fairly nefarious purposes 
And vandalism isn't something I want to be associated with
Next year I'll bring more so that Daves can sign in parallel
We need a sticker:  “I was at DaveCon 1.0”
Ryan is requesting armbands, but that quickly gets out of hand.  Aaron is still in charge of design.


She pulls out a box, came prepared with accouterment
"Let me get a new lanyard out
Just for DaveCon"
I love it


  
  

  



Meet up with Brittany and her husband James
Ryan is surprisingly easy to spot with his liberty spikes and Buc-ee’s pyjamas


And now we’re in line for Hacker Jeopardy finals and this isn’t an opportunity James is gonna miss out on
He’s got charisma, completely unafraid, a real salesperson, still sharp from Black Hat
Pulling everyone into his wake.  He’s gregarious, a word derived from flocking
Bold, but not the sort of narcissistic asshole that wants to make you feel less-than
He’s the glorious sort that makes you feel like you’re great, too.  
Very dangerous when they want money from you, but super cool when you can be on the same side
It’s their first DEF CON and their first DaveCon.  Love hearing people over there ask “What is DaveCon?”
“I saw you were signing these”
“Best DaveCon ever!”


In exchange for a DaveCon badge I got me a shot of gentleman jack
He's just got a small bottle
But says you can be generous with the pour
I take only a little.  As much for my own self-preservation as for the preservation of his supply


Recruiting goons for DaveCon 2
Show up next year with your 1.0 badge and you're in


I brought my episkipoe stickers and ‘Don't Panic’ buttons for giveaways
But this DaveCon mythos is so much better
Gotta get an early start on planning the next evolutions of it
The engineer in me wants to see through Aaron's plan for a well-documented changelog 
The chaosmonkey in me wants to generate swag with random release numbers


End of round 1, all the teams are in the negative
Seems like there are always entire categories to which I got nothing, I’d never dare to compete
But sometimes I know the question to a high point answer and it’s very fun to roar when the ones on stage get it wrong


Someone asks us “Is this the line for swords?”
“That’s what I believe”
  

The noise they make is quite obnoxious.  Motion sensor too sensitive.  We discuss design improvements.


  

I was told you nerds would appreciate this joke
Oh no my email got hacked! Now that's the 3rd time I need to change the name of my cat


This group is great, the sort you really need to see live to do it justice, to feel the music


Guy behind me comments on the RAM sticks on my backpack (16 MB)
It leads to a good conversation
The kids today may have something to teach me but
Someone who grew up with computers that measured it in kilobytes can really appreciate how far we've come 
Sunday
On our way out of the forum, a goon warns us security is a bit active re the swords and the casino floor.
So just get it straight up to your room.
Thanks


In the room some more bitching about Bailey.  “Worse than war”


Back to the bar.  Talking again with Hellcat and a goon (OIFhax).  
His first goon bribe was from Penn Jillette’s wife


  

“It’s my last one”  
It’s OK, I’ll just take a picture.  I’m trying to limit the number of physical collectibles I take home.


Gotta give a DaveCon badge to Thad with the taco hat
  

Cannibal's


Chat with Joy for a short while and pay it forward with the max headroom pin 


This guy is talking about writing real estate software.  Describes it as boring, but satisfying
But he’s excited, interested, intelligent, so it’s a great conversation
The noise gets intense, so I drift away for a bit again


The conversation goes from the usual, where you from, what you do
To things like “How have you advanced the state of your industry?”
And then he asks me what I’d do, if I could do anything
I stammer an answer, but just missed the obvious:  “this”


Siobhan sez “Read longitude and latitude”
What’s your favorite DaveCon activity?
3am hot dogs
  Drained this bottle a bit more than expected


(Another big gap here again on paper.  It goes from the Canadian helicopter pilot straight to closing ceremonies)
I hurt and heal in so many ways, at different rates


  
  

  

Aaron has to work on Monday, so he takes off before closing ceremonies.


  

Ryan’s mohawk flashes on screen


  

Take one, pass it along


I think we’ll just steal 1057’s remark as the DaveCon code-of-conduct “Don’t be an ass”


OAN got banned
  



Seems like it was a pretty smooth year and Nikita deserves MVP status


media.defcon.org
infocon.org


Whenever trying to describe highlights of the con so far, I’m flabbergasted by the mass of things that I simply didn’t do
And inexplicably I’ve nearly no energy left and feel like I’ve had a great time


  

Free balloons for everyone!  Everyone take one and we’ll be done in no time.  Pop! Pop! Pop!  
  





Still waiting to hear back from Drake re headlining DaveCon
Head back to the room, try to nap.  Set an alarm so it can’t get out of hand


  
  



Hellcat found a googly eye the right size to adhere to her tattoo, but it’s not sticking
She sez “fuck yourself, this was expensive” re my superglue comment in response to her frustrations 
But hey, it's not permanent.  I’ve glued things to myself before.  In fact, yeah, I gotta find some that match my ouroboros


More time to kill before the after party
Maybe we could just go back to the room and do more downtime
Give the bars a second chance
It’s lightly attended by we found some PepperCon folks and jumped in with some badge and gun talk


  



Apparently, you can flip around your face plate
We didn’t make any progress on the badge challenge
https://dc30badge.fandom.com/wiki/Challenge_One


Goon asks us: “Are you lost?”
“No, not trying to get anywhere”
“Why not?”
There's all these people.  Talk to them.
Yeah, just need to decompress a little before moving to the next one


non-DC rando says “We wanted to go over there, but that guy wouldn’t let us” 
An attendee responds “Yeah, it’s ~$300 to get in”


Grab a table at the afterparty and wait
Sharing a drink with the guy from NC
Don’t think I caught his handle


  

  

https://reddwarf.fandom.com/wiki/Chinese_worry_balls


We took a pair of free t-shirts that showed up
Not that we need them, but obey the boat rule, never turn down a free drink
You can always redistribute it


Monday
  



A quick hi to funsize and Ryan calls it a night


0217 - sitting in the hallway, writing in my notebook
The noise ends for a bit during Come On Eileen
Then it starts up again
Luna introduces herself “I noticed you writing earlier”
Appreciating the analog arts, a rare je ne se quais in this digital age
I’ve “evolved” from clipboard to notebook to evernote
But the phone tapping loses a lot of the poetry, the passion
Electronic notes contain time stamps and are easy to copy/paste but my preference is a Pilot pen
People around here can get paranoid when they see you taking notes like that
But it’s given me more great conversations than problems
I remember that one guy who brought a typewriter here 


I spot a group containing Actual Reverend go by
“We don’t need no stinkin’ badges”


Not lying when I say this has maybe been my best DEF CON ever
Last year, had roughly the same number of attendees as my first, but the space was provisioned for this size of crowd
Spread thin, a shadow.  This year is a beautiful return to form.  We feel more concentrated in this venue


0300 Chants of ‘one more song’ then things get quiet
More people shuffling out, no one replenishing the ranks
Looks like it’s time to call it quits.


  



Ryan's gonna head out now.  He’s got a long drive ahead
I opt to take the free ride to the airport and just chill there rather than spend more time on the strip
Continue the tradition by playing Post Party Depression by Daves and Davez


Run into Joe, who’s smart enough to be taking the 1400 flight
We grab a drink and catch up some more
He bought a VM from the soda machine


Epilogue


Turns out everyone got the covid
  



________________




https://github.com/iamdavecon/davecon


Index
