Thursday
I duck out of Happy Hour a little early to do some packing.
Stopping by Taco Bell.  It’s my buddy Kyle behind the counter.
“You sure like tacos, don’t you?” 
Needs a name for the order.  I give him mine.  “I should have known.”


Friday
After work, driving north.
A few spots of traffic, due to the Cards/Cubs game, but nothing too bad.
The first batch of songs contains some of my current favorites
Pogo:  Nicey Nicey, Psycho Soup
Dr. Awkward:  It’s a trap, Cartoons, Different
Cut Chemist:  The Garden, What’s the Altitude
Near Bloomington I hit that awkward transition 
From Chainsmoker’s Selfie to Bilie Holiday’s Strange Fruit


Bible Belt Sinners: Lake Michigan


I pull into the driveway as track 100 is playing
We Are Never Ever Gonna Gonna Cook Together
I drove 100 songs for tacos.
Ma says we can make a country song out of that.
But Dad doesn’t think we can pull it off.


The family is watching Scooby Doo & KISS:  Rock & Roll Mystery
It’s a new movie in the old style.  Trippy as all get-out.
Ascot 5:  Don't Touch My Ascot
KISS:  I Was Made For Lovin' You


Ryan starts playing episodes of Mock The Week and we all head off to bed.


Saturday
I slept on a corduroy pillow and woke up with headlines.
Admit it.  You bought these pillows just so you could make that joke.


  



  

  

  





  

He thinks he’s a cat.  “If it fits, I sits”
His implacable calmness seems to be freaking out Mother.
“Where are your bowls!?”
Current status:  Anxious Taco
  

  

I forgot to put together a playlist for this event, but if I did it would include: 
Beck: Satan Gave me a Taco
Weird Al:  Taco Grande


  



  

  



It’s not even noon and we’re pretty much ready to go.
Mother starts to calm down.
Current status:  Happy Taco.
  



We go for a walk at Hastings Lake, all decked out in taco t-shirts.
Surely, someone’s gonna ask us where the party is.
  

Surprisingly, no one did.


And now it’s Taco Time.
  

the tale of the taco, a venerated art form
tiny treasures on a tasty tortilla


the small tortillas mean you can eat more tacos
but it means you have to make hard decisions about what goes on each


  



Uncle Tom and Aunt Lisa are the first to arrive.
We also have a Tom and Lena from the UIC crew
And that’s Tommy two shorts
Will and Sara
Marko and his cousin Igor
Ivaylo
Mike and Brooke
Tits aka Titus probably Steve or something like that
Andy and person that doesn't speak English
Grayslake friends:  Missy, Joe and Jacquie


I put the scraps of paper leftover from the decorations in the firepit 
And rake some leaves.  Time to light my fire.
  

Coincidentally, Marko looks a bit like Markiplier


Lena is talking about Mexico and mayans
Ma says:  “Dave, take notes”
Palenque, Chiapas.  San Cristóbal de las Casas


“You’re the height of a midget, but you’re not a midget…”


“Who is Dave?”
Well, that’s an interesting question.
Brooke studied Biology and through ethics transitioned to Philosophy and Theology
Mike knows numerous, arcane things about me, like the crab gender plot I made back in 2005
  



Drinking Oculto (Alcohol), slap the skull stickers to my calves


Bottle bending, trying to make a flask for Igor
but inevitably they all cool too fast and break 


Mother brings out the Margarita cake (with real Tequila in the frosting)
We sing the song, Ryan blows out the candle, but doesn't like sweets
“Yes, you do, you just don't know it.”


  

Missy has to leave to attend the party of another Ryan.


Apparently, not everyone knows what an egg cup is.
Mike gave Ryan a pair.
Mom and I are trying to find a YouTube video of the hoity-toity spoon tap-a-tap-a method
To no avail.
Everyone uses a clanger or a knife.


Mother has just finished The Picture of Dorian Gray.
It’s been awhile since I’ve read it.
She reads me an example passage, something that starts normal, if a bit flowery, but takes a turn for the bizarre.


They had reached the great flight of steps that led from the conservatory on to the terrace. As the glass door closed behind Dorian, Lord Henry turned and looked at the Duchess with his slumberous eyes. "Are you very much in love with him?" he asked.
She did not answer for some time, but stood gazing at the landscape. "I wish I knew," she said at last.
He shook his head. "Knowledge would be fatal. It is the uncertainty that charms one. A mist makes things wonderful."
"One may lose one's way."
"All ways end at the same point, my dear Gladys."
"What is that?"
"Disillusion."
"It was my début in life," she sighed.
"It came to you crowned."
"I am tired of strawberry leaves."
"They become you."
"Only in public."
"You would miss them," said Lord Henry.
"I will not part with a petal."


The strawberry thing feels like something we should know, but instead we have lookup


Ryan traded his pickle lighter for a taco lighter.
He has a stash found underneath the stage.
