Friday, August 3
#roadtodefcon26
Wednesday, August 8
#tacolife
Thursday, August 9
#badgelife
Friday, August 10
#stickerlife
Saturday, August 11
#walklife
Sunday, August 12
#no_egrets
Monday, August 13
#squirrellife
Tuesday, August 13




Pre-pre con
Friday, August 3
2600 meeting at Arch Reactor
Bob presents on putting together a privacy-focused phone
Head to a bar afterwards.  Only a few of us will be making it to DEF CON this year.
Recommend we watch:  Kellman Meghu - Star Wars infosec


#roadtodefcon26
Prep work involves checking out those socials in cyberspace:  twitter, insta, slack
  

Aww yiss, that was DEF CON 23


Studying the map.
Making a plan of attack.
See Hacker Jeopardy and bands
Jesus, that's a lot of ground to cover.
Drink all the booze, talk to all the people
Frequent sweeps through vendor, contests, villages
Rooftop chillout, looks like it could function as smokercon
Earmarked a handful of talks in the Hacker Tracker just in case 
Wednesday, August 8
Park the car, take the shuttle, wheels in motion
Driver says they won’t let him go to Vegas because there are “too many golf courses”
Two middle aged, midwestern women talking about a room Elvis stayed in
They’re headed for Vegas but certainly not for the con.
Two young adult males sitting in the back of the bus. 
NASA patch on backpack makes it likely.  
Cult of the Dead Cow patch cinches it.
At security my bag is pulled aside.
It waits.  Someone new approaches.
“Is this your bag, sir?  Come this way.  Stand over there.”
He reviews the scan as I mentally survey its contents.
What am I going to have to explain this time?
He unzips a side pouch.
Pulls out my tortillas.
Looks at them.
Looks at me.
Sends me on my way.
#tacolife


Flight 1111 ETA 11:11
It looks like a newer plane
Some warm accent lighting, blue, red
But the white plastic is so clinical I feel like I’m back inside a CT scanner.
  



Trying to appear normal, aware of tapping in my periphery
I’m excited, agitated, I want to geek out or calm down
Fire up Wolfram Alpha right before airplane mode.
I’m 1.753*1010 Ångströms tall


Once again I’m taught how to fasten a seatbelt
The guy giving the announcements looks a little like Joe Pesci
But it isn’t fear that compels me to note that he’s not really funny.
I don’t think anyone else on the plane will remember what they were thinking at this time.
But I spent some time navel-gazing, then reading Umberto Eco and David Cross
Land and coordinate with Steve via his burner phone
I get on the shuttle and he gets in a line
Almost lost him


I am far from an authority on hacker culture, lore, history.
But Steve isn’t familiar with the term phreaker, so I exposit
We arrive, survey the space, in particular the Flamingo 
Down an alley, seeking temperature regulation
Sushi Burritos sounds like a terrible idea.
We’re in the middle of a desert.
Ah, let’s do it.
“We’re actually out of tortillas”
It’s in nori, but shut your face.  This still counts as a taco.
  

“My only complaint is that I’d like to eat the green one first”
But it’s practically impossible since it is sandwiched between yellow and red.
“You can put that in your DEF CON notes, if you want”
Yeah, why didn’t they copy slack’s dango emoji?   


Head to CVS, Steve attempts to acquire sunscreen
Pick up some Bombay and Tonic.  “That looks like mouthwash”
I’m wearing the shirt that earned me the camera stickers last year
He’s expecting a modem command or another networking in-joke
Hacker in a ponytail asks me what AT🗲GC stands for 
Takes him a second to notice the DNA strand


  

Head back up to the con
Steve takes a nap on the couch
People gathering, adorned with LEDs, blue hair, kilts
“Steve, are you starting to feel more at home, like you are among your people?”
“No, but I am starting to feel more like DEF CON is a real thing”


We’re approached by a German
Something about a cop and reddit?
We chat about trains and code and cons
He uses Eclipse.  I bite my tongue, preferring IntelliJ
Prices on the strip are too high, the legality of cannabis.


Ryan arrives with Victoria and supplies.
I never got the email I was promised, but a room is available
We head up and spent some time talking about Sam and Max
Making plans for Taco Y Taco


  

Send this photo to Jonas (aka Titos):  “Where you at?”
His reply:  “Ahhh man, looks like an incredible time”


Why is Guy Fieri rubbing that Asian man’s head?
Oh, he's pouring wine
Did you just now notice that?
He's gonna make a helluva mess.
That glass can't hold that much wine.
It's probably photoshop
Someone came into work one day and was told to make it look like Guy wasn't rubbing an Asian man’s head.

“I’m part Taiwanese because my Dad was made in Taiwan”
We’ve poured some drinks, but Steve is still sober, doing homework
“You’re the worst Jonas ever...”


To the Bellagio to meet Steve’s friend, a programmer for Salesforce
Dinner, then back to the room, hangout a bit, ~2200 means 0000 local time (CST)
I tried to portmanteau the words Bellagio and Belligerent.  The result was a beautiful disaster.
Head down solo
In the conference area they are installing floor stickers
The couch Steve was napping on has been snagged for line con
Meet up with Claudus and he starts handing out his Illuminati challenge cards
We’ll meet with less resistance if we start at the front and move our way back
Since you’re stuck here we’ll bring the DEF CON chatup experience to you
2300 pizza shows up.  A bottle of something is being passed around and beach balls start flying
It’s inevitable - you get this many nerds around and sports are bound to break out
Balls start to accumulate in the chandeliers to the sound of cheers
I’m hit in the head by another one
  



We choose our tokens and totems to spark conversations
My DON’T PANIC pin attracts extra bits of Douglas Adams lore
Quick chat with Cosa Nostra pizza regarding Snow Crash
Claudus has connections and a badge already
Blinking LEDs, D-Pad, two buttons
He enters the Konami code.
It blinks more.


People start to work on Claudus’ cipher
The codes on the card are classic, deliberately easy:  ROT13 and uuencode
You know you’re looking at a fresh face when you ask it what the plaintext for QP26 could possibly be 
And the reaction is panic’d confusion.
Well, we all start somewhere.
The real fun starts when you get to the website that the card points to:  http://dc26.minervallux.com/challenge
Some are simple.  He wants people to solve and feel good.
Others are devilish.  He wants everyone to find a challenge and success to be rewarding.
This guy has been drinking Absinthe.  We discuss the ritual of it.  The glass, the spoon, the pour.
And he shares descriptions of Douglas Adam books I’ve never read.
His friend talks about her work with government regulations.
“I can’t hack your shit, but I can crash it”  
Sales start at 0600 tomorrow
Sounds like the first in line was here since 1600
Claudus collects timestamps down the line, looking for discrepancies
Yeah, that’s a fine strategy: sleeping bag or tent and no need to pay for a room the first night
But I need my beauty sleep.  


Thursday, August 9
Fall asleep ~0100 wake up throughout the night, final awakening ~0600
I had a nightmare regarding loading a cert into a keystore.  It’s just not working.  Why isn’t it working?


  

I’m not technically obligated to turn snacks into tacos, but Hell, why not, I got enough tortillas
Time for a fish taco.  Flavor profile:  Kick it up a nacho
Head on down for Line Con.
The line is long, but it moves quickly.
Goons packing us in.  “Hot breath on necks”
“It’s not that people come to line con for DEF CON, people come to DEF CON for Line Con
I recognize that guy in the green shirt from the last 2600 meeting.  I’ll say hi the next time I see him.
[Spoiler alert:  he’s never spotted again]
Also: Steve has fallen behind.
The pair ahead of us have a non-trivial transaction to conduct.
Buying a bag full of badges.  Help is waved over.  We wait and wait.
#badgelife


The little bit of text in the program re: the badge makes me see it in a whole new light.
You are green, green is good
Last night with Claudus’ badge I couldn’t clearly connect activity to our button presses.  
It looked like random chaos.  
Now I’ve stumbled my way to the bottom, not really sure how.
As I play with it, it starts to coalesce and now I know:
First position:  toggles D, if D is green you can’t go down to third position
You can always go right to second position
Second position:  Toggles O, go left to first position.
Third position:  You can go right to fourth position.
Down to fifth position, but only if C&O are on and you toggle a hidden state that precludes going up to first position
Fourth position:  toggles C, go left to third position
etc…
Badges can be connected to other badges.  
We test some theories regarding this, but have not yet made any significant progress
Suspecting now that it’s only worthwhile to connect to badges of a different type.  We’re all humans.
In the elevator this blue speaker badge has all 6 letters green 
He implies the narrative from the TTY connection is important


Capacitive touch buttons
Ryan asks: “Are we going to need another Fuck You sticker?”


  

1000  Choices in the food court are very limited at this hour.  Smashburger taco.
We head to the Flamingo for the 101 track.  That’s a bigger room than I was expecting TBH


Already time for a nap.
Rest for a bit and then my crew rolls up.
I uudecode the URL for them and we start cracking codes while watching Naked and Afraid
Victoria solves the circuit puzzle and by remarkable coincidence the solution includes her name.


1430 Marko, Jen, & I head out to 101 for the Hacker Tracker talk
Line Con 2.0, it practically reaches the escalators
Goon warns us it’s not super likely we’ll get in.
Guy ahead of us warns he witnessed a battery explosion
We reach the end of the line and the room isn’t even close to full
Flagged as explicit, they’re allowed to swear, but can’t say jailbreak on iOS
Handwriting JSON, that’s nobody’s envy
Sooo much friggin’ content, some of our villages are bigger than other entire conferences
Stick around for the DC101 panel.  Thankfully they didn’t even clear the room.
“Fist your friends.  Fist them often”
Avoid hand shakes.  Wash your damn hands.  Avoid the infamous con crud.
“Anyone worth knowing has imposter syndrome” ~ Tarah
“Introduce yourself to your neighbors”
OK, you just unleashed your herded cats


  

Walk over to Secret Pizza (Taco) 
Geek out with Kyle over Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes
It’s the new Pokemon.  He’s been hitting first in fleet arena.
Serious business, he’s in a coordinated guild like Lee has.  Mine is ultra casual.
With the spotty network and no down time I’ve been neglecting the game
Also I still owe Ma a phone call


1630  Head back to the room and spend more time getting to know these people.
Jen puts cereal in a tortilla.  Getting high on Life (taco).
Talking Quantum Physics and Philosophy with Kyle
He’s moved in with the girl we helped buy the wine for
(But I don’t want to get in the wheelchair)
Ryan tries checking our messages to get rid of the blinking lights
(There are two lights and they are clearly not in sync)
Security picks up - “What’s your emergency?”
Rehashing classic stories.
Ryan spent prom night in jail.  Christmastime Slow Ride Texas adventure.
Laverne in a film canister, library + trenchcoat = free groceries
I can power my badge with my backup battery in my backpack
Ironically my white cord is soo much longer than my black
I think that there’s a little bit of Dave inside of all of us.
Oh no!  What did you do to the Triscuits?
We’re heading towards sleep at 2300


Steve wants to party without all the troublesome bits of talking to people
So his solution is to show up to a pool party and swim laps in the vicinity of festivity
Reminiscing regarding electriquarium and the time he showed up with flippers.  [Not that kind of pool party]


Ryan spent all of yesterday wearing the “This person accepts high fives from strangers”
“You know how many high fives this shirt got me?  Zero.”
That’s on you, man.  There could’ve been a non-stop stream of them at line con
Like the end of a grade school soccer game.  Also:  orange slices.


Friday, August 10


Steve describes the worst decision ever made in Vegas:
Someone on the street was handing out chapstick and he didn’t take one.
I don’t care how dry it is.  It is crazy hot outside.
Dr. Evil has set up shop between Caesar’s and Flamingo
Olaf & Scooby make my suit jacket look like reasonable attire
A woman with a ukulele is playing “I hate Donald Trump”
To the tune of I like candy [Warning:  Explicit lyrics]
Guy handing out discount drink cards:
“Come back later, there’s nothing better than drunk hacking!”
0840  The middle 2 escalators are broke already.
Still better than the elevator shitshow at Paris/Ballys
Ryan found a chip/coin with an orange W (or is it M?)
Last night we flipped it around the room, he’s trying to get it in my drink.
Apparently that’s Monero, they have a village.
Year of the blockchain, is that how it is?
  



  

Looking for people I know.  Or, even better, situations similar to those that introduced me to them
Find the Soma chillout lounge on the top floor.  It’s the best.
  



Sitting in track one for DT’s opening
Guy pauses, looks at me.  Or he’s just eyeing the adjacent open seat.
“Have we met?” he asks me.
It’s possible.  Very possible.  All around me are familiar faces.
“Have you ever been to Finland?”
Oh.  No, no.


Soundhound a new song:  Gold Guns Girls
That’d make a good Beat Saber song


Toymakers built the badge
DT @ the opening talk espouses the virtues of skipping all the talks.
You come here not to learn about a specific thing, but to connect and learn more generally.
“It’s a hacker con, not an infosec con”
26,300 human badges x 4 batteries x 1.5 V = 157,800 volts
Don’t reverse a battery.  Badge still lights up, but you’re trying to charge a battery not built for it.
It doesn’t get hot, it just pops


Walk out into a crowded hallway, formed into some seemingly winding lines
Follow the Torres to the Vendor area


They didn’t have it in a hoodie like I wanted, but this t-shirt has DNA on it so I gotta buy it
  



1100  Follow Marko & Jen to track 2 then break off again.
Take another caffeine pill and some L-theanine
I plan to peak, crash, peak again at night


Chasing content, navigating through the crowd
Mobile museum, I recognize that tech.
  

Wait, does that make me old?


Hit up the contest area.  So much space and noise.
Scavenger Hunt always entertaining.  Tickle me elmo guts played into a microphone.
DarkMateria - Picard Song playing in the CTF area.  That’s promising.
Main stage has a man and woman using broadcaster / interview intonations talking about robots.
Usually that would have me fully engaged, but here my attention is pulled in many directions.
I think of that Heinlein quote and go full ADHD


Bump into Steve and we wander back through contests, hardware hacking village, voting machines.
He hit up lockpick early and earned some cred there
Packet Hacking Village has some cool vibes, the wall of sheep
Encryption being so ubiquitous should have made them practically obsolete by now
  
cat badge eyes blink
Username:  admin  


  

I leave Steve and head back over to the Flamingo
The line for Sky Talks is long.  A rando throws balled up tin foil, misses the garbage, but I get the rebound.
Duck into Cannabis Village / Puff Puff Hack.  Coincidentally, the random talk I’ve chosen is fascinating to me
Indica / Sativa don’t actually exist in any practical sense, since prohibition all these plants are hybrids
What we need is better access to deeper chemical analysis.  He shows some sweet reports.
THC / CBD ratios are a useful tool, but there are nuances.  Flavors, effects, science.
THC content has been steadily increasing over the years.
So have reports of negative, adverse effects.
Having a CBD epen onhand can stop freakouts.  Good to know.
She was painting on her wall with mustard, it was the only thing that would calm her down.
And he’s all like yeah, break out the ketchup too, if that’d help.
THC strips your ego, makes you face your demons.
It’s like the only drug rats won’t self-administer.
  

We don’t talk about strains, that’s for viruses.  But yeah, let’s talk about cultivars, etc
Speaker says 1.5:1  THC:CBD ratio results in less freakout for “Samantha” (aka him) 
1:2.5 seems to eliminate it completely.  He can finally enjoy his high 


  

Alright, grab a sub form of taco and head back to the room.
Ryan and Victoria show up.  With a haul of swag and stickers.
Resting, we watch a unicode talk on TV.  Homographs and shit.
Hello world.  11 character, 500MB file.  You can’t say cat is doing the wrong thing here.


In HHV I’m again mistaken for someone else.  
My alter ego sounds like a cool guy, Mr. Robot badge and sunglass hookups.
I play along for a while, smile, nod, saying very little.  
Then I just come clean and fess up.  Moving on…


I’m glad voting machine village is happening again this year
But I didn’t hit it at the right time or crowd this year
Last year I felt like I was part of a discovery
This year it just feels like an autopsy


#stickerlife
Back to the room.  Marko is using my bed to apply stickers to his laptop
As some random dude in the vendor area said:  “Everybody knows stickers make you a better hacker”
  
  

  

Ryan and I were handed a pair of these.  Made absolutely no sense to me at the time.
Then I had to learn that Coinye was a thing
I mean, of course it was


  



1700 watching a (Reverse Engineering) documentary in track 3
This guy looks like a combination of David Herman (aka Michael Bolton) and Clark Duke (aka Jacob)


Ryan decides we’re doing the Mad Lib on the back of the box of Life cereal.
Dave, give me an adjective.  
No.
Dave, give me an adjective.  
No.
...
Dave, give me an adjective.  
Happy
  



How does Ryan remember the Fish Bowl BBS?  I was just a kid when I ran it.
And that means he was four years less than being a kid.
Bless his seemingly eidetic memory


Gordon Ramsey for dinner.  Take a break from food court drek
It’s fancy enough that I almost fear that I’ll be chastised for bringing my own tortillas
  

Chicken curry, the naan bread is sooo close to being a tortilla I could possibly get away with it
But better to play it safe, the stakes are so high 


Steve rolls in as we roll out for Hacker Jeopardy.
We try to recruit him, but he’s too tired to party with us.
It’s not yet 2000 but it seems like he’s been immersed all day long, so yeah, he’s gotta be mentally exhausted.


  

Stickers come and stickers go 


Ryan tries to steal my pen.  Pulls out my whole pocket protector.  Awkward…
  

Random swag thrown while in line for Hacker Jeopardy
Someone else caught it and rejected it
How appropriate for me.
I’d like to buy a vowel
Only U can prevent cancer
  

I’m offering pills.  Take anything you want.  
“It’s funny because he’s going to shit a dinosaur.”
Jen grabs one.  I tell her no, don’t take that without this.
It’s not dangerous, it’s just L-theanine.  It synergizes with caffeine
And then she decides she doesn’t want either.
The yellow pills are just Vivarin, but I’m always afraid I’m going to say Vicodin, which is practically the opposite. 
Entertained by G. Mark and whoever is running that center board.
More offensive than Winn (It’s a null category)
Fedspeak.  Give the words in POTUS is the first question (boo at its easiness)
Classic Callbacks for us old timers:  What is South America? and Beef Thief
Effin Acronyms:  First answer:  DFIU
LMFAO:  controversy over whether the “ing” in laughing is critical.  
“Do you want to use your one audience veto for this?”  Oh, hells yeah.
“That’s a manly giggle”
«Putation marks» - quotation marks for Russians, clever nom de plume for Guillemets
Yeah, Fuck that table!
Not in the form of a question!  
  

And we used dollar bills’ serial numbers to pick teams.
With no pre-qualifications there was some suckage.
There was a time before the Humperdink award


Now it’s time for Track 1.  Music.  
The room starts off sparse but
Crowd grows quickly and
Crowd glows quickly.
  

  

Marko appears to be proposing


  

This is his happy face


JG and the Robots
We want to be like Humans


I break off to the restroom.
An empty OJ bottle rolls into my stall.
“Ohhhh, fuck”
I kick it out.
“Thank you”
  

Through unnatural means we managed to create a light stick with not one, but rather two LED strips
TBH this is a power that man was not meant to weild
I meet this chill guy, his white hat has been signed by YT Cracker. 
Cool.
Are you into nerdcore?
Yeah, I got a stick of RAM signed by MC Frontalot.
“This is the only thing I’m concerned with:  Don’t be a bitch”
Wait, who said that and why?


  

Poor Impulse Control.
That reminds me.  I haven’t spotted Gray Raven yet
Or Kamikazee Joe, Cenobyte, Kaminski, etc


“Dumb Dave says what?”
“I don’t know anything that a person of that particular description would say”
“That is exactly correct”


Leaving Karaoke we run into Claudus and discuss our progress on his challenges.
  

Ryan is now known as Super Duper Dylan.


Back to the music room.
Catch Dual Core’s Natural 20s
And MC Frontalot is standing over there.
I really want to see that set again
But we got other offers
Follow Claudus to the circle bar
It’s one of those con ground zeroes.  
Central location, libations, and ash trays.  A holy trinity
[Then something about Jaku and/or prostitutes wooing their way up the escalator]


Saturday, August 11
Midnight and the hallways are looking fairly clear.   Victoria heads to bed.
0030 We’ve merged with the Biohazard / Guerilla Hallway Party
“Come with us”  the Pied Piper again somehow makes sense.
Safety in numbers, hi-fives all the way up the escalators.
The one I was riding on suddenly stopped.  
Headbutted by backpack, glasses go flying, fall back several stairs, beer spilled on me.
It’s all good.
  

There is a wound at the top of my forehead


  



Someone says to me:  “I feel like I’ve seen you for the last 10 DEF CONS…  What’s your name?”
I hand him my card.  
Keep dancing.


“My lord and savior of not giving a fuck…   Let’s move on.”
Now we’re walking past fun-sized


  

LED suited awesomeness
My pictures didn’t turn out, but thankfully someone was on top of things
  



  
  



Electric music.  Some amused bystanders pull out their phones and record us
Random confused dude asks us “Where the hoes at?”  Umm, what?
0130 I bump fists with a goon.  Looks like we’re still sanctioned
We circle around and a couple people groove in the center
Near last year’s chillout room, this year’s demo zone
A man wearing a DEF CON flag as a cape says
He’ll pair me with all badges if I go out there
And dance for 10 seconds
I debate it for a little bit
He plugs into me
I jump out there
And solo for a while
They cheer me, then join me
Now I’ve got every letter green(ish) except ‘E’
OK, so tell me.  How did you do that?  “With an arduino…”
We head back down and out, a view of the pool
At some point I’m given a swig of vodka
“We’ve been doing this a long time”
In terms of years, not hours
We have a reputation
So we’re confined, closely watched
Allowed within these parameters, these spaces
But starting to wear it thin, we’re going to shut it down
  



0222  Due to the grace and wisdom of some DEF CON sec goons we have clemency to continue
“Remember kids:  when a stranger offers you drugs say ‘thank you’ because drugs are expensive”


“Usually I just bite ‘em and I’m done - OK, that sounds really bad”
  



0300  Yakety Sax starts playing 
Someone bumps into me
“Gotta move!”
Running down the hall with twists and turns
Thanks and good night


[sleep]


Chipmunks (new school) on TV I gotta head out of here
A non-con woman in the elevator asks me:  “What was that boulder that hit me?  …  Yet we start another day”    
Escalators are now UUUD (when last night they were UDDD)


Siviak is a goon is DeadPool
OMGWTFBBQ (this was an actual Hacker Jeopardy answer)


Ryan cracks open one of the MicroSD adapters we received last night
And it appears to be a pure copper-to-copper connection
No chip, no malware
I’m not mad, just disappointed
  



  

Ryan got one of these stickers for his badge


Weird how some people I’ve just met this year already seem like deep friends
While most others still feel so unapproachable.  I need a catalyst
Loiter by the circle bar, an open invitation to conversation
Recognize this guy from last night and we chat with familiarity
He says that the negative interactions drag on him that much more
It’s true that this place does attract many people with poor social skills.  
But it is over all a very welcoming environment “positive experience after positive experience”
You gotta take that afternoon nap.  All that stimulation exhausts your synapses.
Your brain is flooded.  Neurotransmitters need some time for uptake.


  

1100  I take this picture on the way into the Flamingo.  It is art than Ryan mistakenly labels smut
Walking back out not too long after, the eyes are already gone.  Absens oculi, tempus fugit.
  

You scream, eye scream


Find Jaku at Hack Fortress
Eat another mint from Kevin


  

1200  Halal, is it meat you're looking for?


Marko’s in car hacking village.
We head over, poke around
Duck into Puff Puff Hack
Agro Tech Farm
“Bitcoin will be used because it’s bitcoin”
In ICS village a woman takes a picture of my badge
It’s the first she has seen with that many green letters
I explain that I cheated.  I feel guilty not for breaking rules (that’s what this con is all about)
But rather because I can’t explain exactly how it was done - someone else did the clever work
All I had to do was dance.
Script kiddy equivalence.


1430 head back downstairs while Ryan naps with MASH in the background
BCCC is wrapping up on the contest stage
It’s typically one of my favorite contests but I’m not loving this space for it
Outside is brutal and can be isolating, but here on the stage it feels off limits
Like the audience witnesses it, rather than is a part of it
  

“I don’t know what is going on here, but I like it”


Stroll past the demo stages.  It’s a great idea, but my attention span is shot right now
Accidentally wander into track 1 at a time that a talk I earmarked is starting
Screen says:  Sorry for the lame-ass title  (All your math are belong to us)
Reversing matlab p-files.  OK, this isn’t as useful as I had hoped


Back to the contest area
Guy at scav hunt table says to me:  “This guy knows how to party!
I recognize you from last night.  My legs are sore from the walking”
Rage Against the Machine logo on screen at the CTF but no music
There’s a scoreboard but not much details on team progress


A family full of random pool people accidentally wandered into the con area
“We should’ve gone up”  They head deeper in


1700  Head to the vendor area so Marko and Jen can do some shopping 
  

I tried to avoid getting yet another free t-shirt, but ultimately I could not
  



Where is Steve?  That’s classified.
Ryan may have clearance, but this requires Asian clearance.
At some point we’ve decided Jen and Steve are the same person
“It’s time to get your Steve on”
Down to the line for Hacker Jeopardy day 2
I’m recording the text on that guy’s t-shirt (“Zuul House Rock”)
Jen/Steve says “he’s writing ‘Kill Kevin’”
We sit near where we did last time.
Sing the happy goon day song.  20 years of service for G. Mark
Identifying commands from man page text.  Yeah, I like this.
“What is visudo?”
Center screen asks: “Visual studio?”
Then we got a category on windows registry details (boo windows)
Rejecting a security update (“What’s a little blue screen among friends”)
Schrodinger's cat jokes on the center screen (Heisenberg != Schrodinger)
XKCD is a category!  Bobby Tables and such
“I just popped a seam on my cumberbund”
“You want some candy? …  Eh, mint condition…”
I got hit by a beach ball right in my escalator scar.
Then everyone except Ryan is warned about the sand storm and flash food.
Jen deflected another beach ball what had malicious intent.  “I just saved your life, Dave”
“Honestly, I kinda wish you hadn’t”
“Too dark, Dave”


I poured the squirrel sauce into the water bottle, the ratio is a little too strong.
We get a lead on a handful of parties, but fail ingress
Head back to track 1 to enjoy the electronic music
“Hey!  Stop being creepy.  Move on.”
  
  



My phone tells me I’ve once again broken my step record at DEF CON
  

#walklife


Most active between the hours of 0 and 3.  Yeah, that’s what a hallway dance party will do to ya  
Looks like I still haven’t done a marathon’s worth of walking in a single day since it started tracking me 


And yet, according to Google I’ve walked only 1.0 miles this day.   Ha, so much for their omniscience...
  

Though, I do not question that their boundaries are right... 
Sunday, August 12
A little after midnight Marko heads out.
The MGM may be cheaper, but next year he’s gotta stay on site.
  

Apparently I slept with a goldfish.  How did that happen?
#no_egrets
  



  

Yeah, that planet got hacked


Back outside, in search of food.  
This guy is cracking up over the t-shirt:  “I don’t need Google my wife knows everything”
Someone points at me (I think).  “He’s a fuckin’ hacker - hardcore”
A girl working working at In N Out - “I like your Think Geek”
“Are your batteries still going?”  I mean, in my badge they are.
  



1130 tinfoil hat judging
“What’s your handle?”
“My name is Max”


Oh, yeah, looks like the batteries in my badge just died


“What’s your handle?”
“Bubbles”
“Much better than Max”


“What’s your handle?”
“Skittles”
“Still better than Max.  Do you have any skittles?”
“I wish I had skittles”
“You have many skills”


There’s a mint in my pocket protector.
Damn you Kevin!


“Are you violating the rules on purpose?  I mean, at DEF CON we like to follow the rules”
“I like hacking the rules”
“Good answer”


“How does it work in terms of attenuation?”
It’s an antenna, so like, an anti-tin foil hat.
“If I put a handful of popcorn in my mouth it starts to cook”
“That’s a very odd super power”


1200 Scavenger Hunt is closing down
I notice my bottle opener is back in my possession.
I remember handing it off, but don’t remember receiving it.
 
  

The alien’s mouth fell out.  Looks like a technical victory for the predator
Head back to the room, Kyle is on his way, ready to become the new Marko
Goon says:  “Do not lick the escalator handles!”
Villages are closed
In line for closing ceremonies.  T-shirts:
“I’m into fitness.  Fit’ness taco in my mouth”
I heart ❤ redundancy


Boo the sun
“We have a plan for next year which does not involve destroying the sun”
Next year back to Paris & Bally’s, adding Planet Hollywood


Transparency report:  https://defcon.org/html/links/dc-transparency.html
[Looking back at my pictures I suspect that maybe there were actually more than three cases of vandalism…]


  

Walk over to Planet Hollywood for some Panda Express
There’s a robot serving drinks.
Say goodbye to Kyle.
Til’ next year.


  



“This shirt’s a lie, by the way.”  Girl in elevator says “I’m not really a cyber bully”
Back in the room watching Rick and Morty, it’s Steve’s first episode.
What’s one more day without sleep?  I head back down.
Conversations at the circle bar.
Programming and languages.  
“I’m going to give you TMI”
He’s thinking about applying genetic algorithms to traffic
I’m sure there have been plenty of books written that are more directly applicable
But I recommend reading the Selfish Gene and thinking about the problem space yourself
I felt trite for mentioning it, but seeing him misspell Dawkins makes me think it wasn’t a bad idea.
These programmers are writing in Ruby, thinking of branching out to other languages.
I’m trying to talk about the benefits of learning a functional language.
But it’s misinterpreted as just a reference to functionality.
And I’m not sure that I subsequently succinctly conveyed the benefits of functions as a first-class citizen.


  

They hand me a free (warm) beer:  Rogue Dead Guy
I’m thankful.  Free as in speech, free as in beer.
These guys work in surveillance.
But not the government
Or so they say
We’re discussing the dropping prices of drives and the rising value of metadata


Chatting with some people experiencing their first con.
This is my thirteenth, so they call me a veteran.  (And do the ‘we’re not worthy’ bow) 
And they note the camo of my backpack so I gotta explain.  No, my brothers are veterans.
I’m just a guy that loves to party with really smart people.
It’s not even that late, but the con is catching up.  Exhaustion.
There’s a dog in a bag.  A tiny cute looking thing.  But it has an attitude problem.  No petting it.
[Someone tells me to make a note of it]  This guy spilled his vodka right here.


  

Respect.
Cracking codes, locks and pcaps
Owner of one of the coveted black badges
Capacitors and a nixie tube.  The skull matches your shirt.
Monday, August 13


“Hey, wanna start a flame war?  vim or emacs?”
But no one chooses emacs and the flame just fizzles.


0034  Ryan texts me “Where you at?”  
I missed the message but it didn’t take him long to find me.


Born in Russia, now living in the Netherlands
Eugene’s shirt says “Your favorite band sucks”  
Big impish grin and mannerisms that remind me of Tales
Or Eugene Hütz from Gogol Bordello (“Oh, is that your favorite band?”)
This guy over here introduces himself differently depending on the accent he hears.
Introduces himself to me as Robert.  I don’t have the key accent.
He gets a real kick out of Russians.  Loves Eugene.
Writes some hebrew in my notebook.
Tells me Tal’s name means Dew.
“Are you guys really brothers?”
Ryan has grey in his beard and I can’t grow one to save my life.
Guesses that I’m 32 and Ryan is 27.  Yeah, OK, I’ll take it.


Ryan starts talking about slab city.


I explain how we maintain approximately zero nines of uptime at my job.
“I’m so glad you said that”
He went to an interview at a company, asked them a question about their nines
And they didn’t know what he was talking about.


Do you have a twitter?  
I hand him my card 
  

He questions me on my URL
“I have a relationship with squirrels”
“Oh?  What kind of relationship”
“Uhhh…   Love/hate”
#squirrellife


“I remember you from last year”  Hands me a ShitterCon VI flyer
You have the megaphone, that makes you the leader. 
Standing next to a guy wearing a Leslie Hall shirt
Still on the lookout for the Microsoft guy 
And Beer Santa, but no such luck.
Maybe I wasn’t good this year.


I think I met someone named Abbie who told a story about someone on all the drugs.
Yeah, he went to an ATM and gave too much money to strippers.


Eugene comes by and warns them:  “Be careful - he writes everything you say”
There’s a glitch in the matrix - we have two people that look kinda like Jesus
Our guy clandestinely moves in over behind the other one for a photo op 


Ryan and I go up the escalator intending on some scavenging
There’s a velvet rope and a small cadre of goons
We head back down


“Here’s a question for you:  is pineapple OK on pizza?”
I’m not a big fan, but sure, I’ll allow it.  The pizza box opens.
But there’s no pizza under the pineapple.
  

“Here’s another one for you:  Do you put in the cereal or the milk first?”
That’s an easy one, but some monster over there got wrong


  

The green comes first.  Steve would love this?


I think we’re heading to the Flamingo for some reason.
Yeah, to hang out at some bar that Kyle mentioned.
Random street guy to me:  “I love you, man”
OK…
“Oh no!  She’s not working good”
  

Ryan tells the guy wearing two hats:  “But no one would ever wear three hats…”
Well, that’s a challenge that can’t go unanswered.
I think we’ve closed down the circle bar again.
Head over to the other one.
Sitting with Eugene and associates.
Zoz and his crew sits at the table next to us.
“They say never meet your heroes but he’s actually cool” 
Was Elon Musk really here or was that just a hoax?
[Jaku made him laugh with a SkyNet joke]
I’m starting to pay less attention to conversation.
I’ve got a notebook full of words, but now they’re scared to come out of my mouth.


Someone asks Ryan:  “Do you know John?”
“No”
“That’s probably for the best”


0330 this is the first time I’ve talked to Joe this con


#notebook life
“He’s writing to Zaphod Beeblebrox”
We’re about to leave the planet...
Got to know where your towel is at.
  



OK, maybe not the planet, but it’s time to leave the bar.
Ryan’s got to leave for his flight soon.


I wake up, pack up.
My voice is rough as hell.
Getting too old for this shit.
Go back down to the bar for the comfy chairs
I’m not ordering any drinks but get carded anyways “You all look so young”
Noting my birth year:  “Ohh, same as me.  Enjoy it while we can”
Message from Ryan:  confirmed that he survived the trip.
Steve heads to the pool for swimming.
I stay in the AC.  Wander around
A little more caffeine just to feel alive
The hallway has a view of hummingbirds


Text from Kyle and I clarify my book recommendation:  Surely, You’re Joking, Mr. Feynman!
He throws back a few I haven’t read, but want to check out


  

Sadly I remove Hacker Tracker from my phone’s home screen.


Wander through the hotel some and discuss Steve’s CTF plans
He gets a kick out of sitting in faces


I’m feeling queasy, not really super into food right now, but we head to the food court
The con is over so technically I could eat a non-taco and still claim my 100% streak
  

But I’m still living #tacolife


Head over to the airport.  
I still have tortillas, but somehow make it through security without any incident this time.
But my flight is delayed.
And there’s a bunch of dudebros in matching tank tops hanging out at my gate 
Thankfully Joe finds me.  We find a bar and pass the time.
Looking forward to STL b-sides and PhreakNIC 
He recommends Road to Resilience, Thieme
Academics can be the wild, wild west
He has a badge that’s a working NES cartridge that’s a brainfuck interpreter


Tuesday, August 13
0100 I’m home..


  



Book recommendations from the STL2600 signal group
