At the airport, a guy talking on the phone about real fishing, not phishing 
On the plane, Mary the Walloping Window Blind introduces herself to me
She’s aggressively ebullient.  Matronly.  But this trip is for her.  Alone.
She wants to talk, but I don’t.  I’m polite but terse.
Thankfully the kid (college student) in the window seat accommodates her
“Dave looks like a musician”
We talk computers, briefly.  Turns out that she’s related to someone what wants to get into infosec.
She confesses she doesn’t understand it, but she does seem to grok that the good guys have to learn to think like the bad guys.


Get on public transportation.  Silver line to red to orange
I’m a tourist in an unfamiliar place.
Subway is easy to navigate.  
Smells of oil and industry.  
At least it’s not piss.
Pulling into Nawth Station.  They really do talk like that.
Ride one stop with a Dropkick-looking thug, [that politely helps out a passer-by]


  

A book on TACOS.  Hell Yeah!


I’m visiting Aldo Brown Jacobs nee Lee Edward Wiles
He has cut ties with the family that would use his name conferring his namesake Robert E. Lee
But I can still call him Lee, for nostalgia or habit.  I’ll call him Jay when I’m being modern
Or Aldo when I want to use his secret, special, name.


Take a nap.  Dreamed I got into a screaming fight over a discussion that started with some quibbling over axis tick default values / placement. That was weird


  



  
  

View from his home office - strange mixture of new sites and old artifacts.  “Everything’s fine.  Be good.”  ~ David J Bennett
Living in the shadow of the bunker hill monument
Contextualizing those steps re revolution and our modern situation


No mask mandate due to reasonable inoculation rates - I can go inside without a mask, again
  



  
  

First visit to Bunker Hill  [Fallout]


Walk into the city
  

  

  
  



  

I love you, sandwich.


  

Visit the Old North Church and talk about Paul Revere and his ride.  Dude looks like wants to slap a bitch
  

At the commons - this kid has a $3k robot following him around, acting as his backpack


You think just because your name is Jay you can jaywalk.  That’s twice today in front of cops






  
  

Maybe I’ve been here before but just don’t recall it




  

Me at MIT [AKA CIT]


  

The gym you can’t escape
  





Sit in the Phoenix Landing
We drink 
and talk 
and drink 
and talk
Stumble onto the subway 
Watch underground railroad til falling asleep
Amazing how quickly and intensely my personality got wrapped up in some false narrative, dream, low key nightmare. A hotel and some numbers
And some Irish song in Gaelic stuck in my head which I'm pretty sure doesn't exist, but I can't really try to look it up without knowing any of the words
Brains are weird.  Maybe it was supposed to be Juice of the Barley


Wednesday morning
First stop, North station to get a Charlie card
To simplify my perambulations
Next stop, Cafe Nero
Smell the double espresso
He wasn’t kidding when he said this is a backpacking city
Guy in a suit and tie ready for commerce
Looking like it’s his first day to school
Center plaza looks like a modern day colosseum
Skip the picture, since it’s the scale of the thing that makes it interesting
Stumble back across the freedom trail and follow it to a quiet moment in an old graveyard
  

Their churches (even relatively rural ones, I hear) support BLM and trans rights


Woman walking by sounds kinda pissed
“Yeah, I know it’s your birthday, I know - and I don’t want to start any shit…”


  

Sitting by Faneuil Hall [Fallout]
They got so many historic buildings that they can’t help but stuff some shops in some
  



Thankfully we have some cloud cover
It’s gonna be another hot one when the sun comes out


I need to do laundry


Old south meeting hall
And darn even their Walgreens looks cool


Back at the site of the Boston massacre
And for most of these people it's just normal Wednesday stuff, heading to work


Still overwhelmed by the novelty of it all
In picture mode, a shallow check list of what I’ve seen
The sort of thing that makes tourist a dirty word
That’s why we like to take our time
Second trip to some of these same sights and it adds a layer
Put the camera down and think some more
About the people living and had lived here
The sights bounce off me, living a little residue
But this guy over here, raised and steeped in them
If he came to my house he would continue to exude a little bit of it
Giving me more residue, adding to my personal melange


  
  

I want to live by the sea, maybe someday I will


Almost had this place to myself
Then a ferry unloads and a crowd shambles past
“Good morning.  Would you like to go to work for me, because that would be great”
I misparsed the sentence at first - she’s not offering me a job, she’s asking me to work in her stead
Her tone / accent makes it sound like she’s being an asshole, but her sweet smile says we just shared a moment
A little commiseration.  Briefly, it’s the two of us against them.  


I usually feel like a video game character
Boxed in by invisible rails
It seems like I shouldn’t be able to walk past, walk to
But then you go and you find out the world keeps going
The positive impact of the project to bury the highway becomes more apparent to me


Didn't know I needed this
Look at a map but don't know why
I'm not trying to get anywhere in particular
Just walk among the big buildings
Round the corner
I didn't expect it to look like that
The novelty is intoxicating 


It’s not even 9am and I already feel I’ve had most of a fulfilling day


Wandered out of buildings, into a park
Found the freedom trail starting point 
  



Thought all things being equal I'll follow the trail
Didn't last long it went left and I thought right looked better
Well catch up later


  

Paulis for a lobstah roll.  tastes great
Sea bugs once were only eaten by the poor
And now it’s 25 bucks for some in a hot dog bun and some chips


Sitting in the park, I see some movement to my right, moment of panic
‘Til I notice it’s just an old lady
Another one sits to my left
  



Taking notes attracts attention of a mumbling madman asking for a dollar, what, cmon man can't you help me out


Slack message from a coworker asking about compiler issues


Avoiding Chinatown gotta save something for later


  

Holocaust memorial
Quotes and numbers.  Simple, effective
It’s not a cooling mist for our comfort, it’s steam from burning embers
Remembering Clay describing the camps as one of the few must-see parts of Germany.
Why is history so frequently so damn depressing?


Listening to the tour guide, I like his personality
He humbly and apologetically asks a fellow to move to a different bench to make way for his group
Then gently ribs a member of his constituency in conversation:  “Hey, lady, are you gonna give the tour or am I?”


A woman walking by, talking to her daughters:  “etched in glass is their names”
Hmm, no, it’s not that kind of war memorial.  They had their names stolen
It makes the writing a more uniform grid, a more beautiful sight, but a more grim reminder


Birbs appear to be behaving strangely, until I realized someone is feeding them
Now there’s a blue mohawk sitting over there


Jay gets a late start - long story short - too much of that italian kimchi
Woman over here straight drinking a bottle of wine
Hope she’s on vacation, too, but I’m guessing that might not be the case
It’s noon on a Wednesday


  



Watching kids play in the fountain
Energy and optimism of youth
Creepy though
Which one is yours?
Haven't decided yet


Head into Faneuil Hall
This side is much more historical than the one with the shops
Revolution, slavery,suffragettes, healthcare
  

Jay chats with the ranger, Merrill
Then his colleague for more information on John Brown sites


  
  

Misted by robot statue


  

Happen to be in the neighborhood, so why not, pass by Cheers


Can't go to the beach.  Too many great whites
Don't worry about it
Isn't that what the mayor said?
Lee's movie idea:  Sharkshank redemption
Yeah, it’s Shawshank with sharks


  

  

Christian science headquarters
Does look like a castle
But not byzantine like we overheard yesterday 


  
  

  
  

Through the back bay fens.  Some neat plots here


  

And Fenway park.  [AKA Diamond City]
  
  



Walk to Harvard
  

“war of the preservation of the union”
They are big on monuments
And not calling it the civil war


  
  

Lee’s not a fan of this guy


Pit stop back home then head out for Bukowskis 
Sign at entrance says the ID must be from Mass - thankfully mine doesn’t get checked 


A gaggle of girls show up behind us
Complaining loudly about the establishment.  Reading the sign with disdain
  

No vodka, no cocktails, no shots.  like OMG
“I literally looked up dive bar”
Thankfully they leave without ordering
They came to Boston - Mighty Mighty Bosstones


Bartender has a shirt that says Excalibur casino Las Vegas Nevada.
Strange DEF CON never wound up there.  Seems like nerds would get a kick out of that


Gets crowded, AC not keeping up.  Bar guy sneaks behind me to open a window
That helps


  



Back at home try to find Bar Fly but fail
He’s not a hero or a role model
He’s a cautionary tale
Watch some clips then Star Trek Acid Party


Fall asleep to an Ezra Klein podcast on AI


Wake up, do laundry
Think I'll check out Charlestown today
Step out to a sunny day
Not sure how long my laundered fresh feeling will last


Walking up bunker hill st
Walking up a hill is hard
Especially with a 50 pound stroller and a 30 pound baby


The drive out to Concord / Lexington is pleasant.  Verdant. 


The statue used by Fallout


The rhetoric is powerful
We don't talk like that anymore
Seems overly dramatic, but the stakes were high and times did warrant it


We play the school house rock version 


Guy on bench playing fife


To Walden Pond for a moment of quiet reflection
It’s crowded.  Lots of people with beach gear
Watch the movie 
They’ve got Ken Burns, Don Henley, E.O. Wilson, Robert Redford
“How deep is it?”  The ranger tells us it’s ~100 feet and technically a lake
Terry Williams us it’s “As deep as we are” overly dramatic
“What is the use of a house if you don’t have a tolerable planet to put it on
The TV they use to show the video is almost as big as his fricken house.  Fits 3 chairs - 2 for friends, 3 for society.


A Always 
B Be 
C Contemplating 
  



As we drive out sign says it's closed until crowd thins


  

Bought another beer just for the can of it.  [You came all the way to Boston to drink a Chicago beer?]
IPAs aren’t typically my thing, but often I can get past the hops and appreciate it
Also picked up a local imperial coffee stout
  



More Ezra Klein


This morning, after my 3rd time approaching it, finally breached “old ironsides”  The USS constitution.  
Tall sailors must’ve suffered.  On the lowest deck I had to duck and I’m only 5’9”




  

It is ‘we are renovating’ or ‘we have renovated’
You’re (or as you’d write it:  your)  Cape Cod.  You can afford a goddamn proofreader.
This is the 2019 Summer-Fall guide.  What a simpler time.


Food at Haymarket
Wanna start a riot?
Slice of eggplant pizza


We just got done eating but Jay doesn't want to miss out on the tripe at the Fisherman's Feast Italian festival
“Thursday is not usually a big tripe day”  - QOTD
But they ran out of everything they brought down
They entice him with a a to-go container


Down the street a friendly guy lounging in a chair 
“It's official!”  he confides in us “this is the only spot that has a breeze”


  

Eating tripe while some crazy guy playing the bongos takes a break to rant about the Minneapolis’ chief of police or somesuch


Old north church with crypt tour
“We like to break the rules at the Old North Church”


Lost my sticker, sweaty shirt
Guy recognized it as a Natalie Dee 
They were super cool re my missing sticker.  Pen test complete.
Later on, guy asks me “Hey buddy, can I get a picture of your fuckin’ shirt.  It kicks ass”
  



  

Jay and Fabiana get compliments on their octopus shirts
One of us is going to have change
Turn yours inside out
No.  It's cute


Another person has mistaken Aldo’s shirt for a Hydra reference.
No! Aren't they nazis?
Well, fictional nazis.  “I'm Jewish and it doesn't bother me”


  
  

So many ducks at the duck house.
  

But they’ve been infiltrated by a goose!


  

Back to the festival
Raw bar
Oysters from wild girl in “I ❤️ Yaoi” t-shirt
Fabiana gets a rice ball
Guy comments on how she puts on the parmesan with taps
He’s seen all types
His brother just pours it on
Is there even a rice ball under there?
Whataboutit?
That's why you're 350 pounds and I'm only 300


  

Holy cannoli
We squeeze to please
Closed mouths don't get fed


Jumped by some weird selling person.  “Name two things that make you smile!”
I don’t say anything, but I do smile.  “I know one of them…”
Jay says “Two real smart-ass answers popped into my head” but he keeps them to himself.
And we avoid her on the return trip.


  

Bunker hill flag, unfurled 
@Monument
Decor is rustic
Music is light edm
TV shows sports
Red Sox wins


Do you understand the responsibilities of sitting up front
We are the first line of defense
We have to repel boarders
Blue ‘Sick Day’ shirt guy
Drinking a Bud Light.
He shouts Ahoy at a passing ship
Lee knows that’s what I want to do


“I hate yurts.  I might hate yurts”  
“Bugs can’t get into tents”


Sea breeze and clouds feel nice
Another wicked hot day


  

That's the fort
The minutemen base
Where I fought a giant mirelurk in Fallout


  
  

Listening to Charlie on the MTA


  
Be a gun  


  

The dubstep room.
Speaker in backpack, checking the acoustics.
This is a place to party.
Powder room has a deep echo.
This is where we’ll play Gregorian chants for David


  
  

Accidentally whiteface’d myself with an overly generous dollop of public sunscreen.
Didn’t expect it to be so thick.


  

Random dad says:  “Whoa, that is a nice maple tree”


  





  
  

Brief walk through creepy darkness
Laughter of children echoing through the halls
Find some group sitting on the floor
They are too young to be listening to such solemn music Jay says and plays some dubstep
The dark arch
Defense against the dark Archie bunker hill
Before and after and after


  

Nice day for a boat ride


  

We stopped in an Irish pub near Faneuil Hall
But the vibes made me anxious, we left without a drink
Walked to the ferry to watch the boat pull away
Watch the Atlantic harbor seals outside the aquarium 
Blue line in from the aquarium (caught ‘em all) 
Then up on the orange line


  

Brewer’s fork.  Jay raves about this place.  Guy tells him “We got gazpacho” as we approach.
Stumbled past in in my Charlestown wanderings without realizing what it was.
Cantaloupe Gazpacho is surprisingly good
Staff here is phenomenal
“Get rid of some of the evidence” re clearing glasses
Gumballhead is the wheat beer what I wanted but from Indiana
Switch to shipping up to Boston for some local flavor
A fine offering in the style, but a bit too sweet for my palette
  
  

Menu tells us which wines are biodynamic
Which terms out to mean something not quite as cool as I was hoping for
  
cronch
  



“Be the good crazy you want to see in the world”  - Aldo


A website shouted to us by a crazy kid:  https://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/
Do not visit.


Watch some Always Sunny.  Bird Law.


  

Subway to Chinatown for dim sum


South to Quincy for the August Moon Festival


  

Ok, yeah, they just mean Quincy, but Q-anon folks must be eating this up


Tour the church of the presidents.  Joyce the guide is a hoot, delightful.
John Hancock was a bit of a pirate, like you, noting Jack, my pirate mask
Boys had to sit upstairs
Boys get the knob
Women get the feather
  



  

Squirrel on a stick  [Fallout]


  

Band [WAG] is pretty good [for a bunch of kids]
Aiming to stop racism and violence
Unfortunately, we arrived a little too late for Davey the Clown’s Wacky Silly Show


  

Ranger Rick reminds me a bit of Fauci
No-nonsense, he’ll swear a little, but super friendly and generous with his information
The house and library are closed because of stupid covid, but he flips through some pictures.  
And Betty seems so sweet.  Not saccharine, like Mary from the plane, but genuine
A bit mischievous.  Conspiratorial winks and side glances
Hawks making noise nearby.  They’ve seen one snatch a duck
“They don’t want to hear about that”  


  

Seeking Brazilian food


Get some espresso
Last night of freedom for Aldo
Watch “Who is America” until late into the night


  
I met a celebrity


Lost in thought about the beautiful ornate doorway
And the Irish flourish
Then a discontent sophomoric chuckle at the graffiti


Almost done with Galapagos
Come across a Thoreau quote:  “The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation”
The only villain in the story is the oversized human brain


Back to work
  



Appendix A:  Gifts!
  

  
Magnets
  
Puzzle!


Appendix B:  Pets
  
  

Pulpo is an attention whore, dumb as a box of rocks, but sweet as hell
  

Ceviche lives through her nose, smelling things carefully
(Does she remember me?  Well, she didn’t run and hide, so of course)
  



  
Paint me like one of your french cats
  
    
Pew pew.  Bird law.


Appendix C:  Songs
  

  
  And Pipebomb on Landsdowne


  

Riot on Broad Street
