10/1
I drive to Indiana, three hours in the car and another for the time zone
Nathan's apartment was easy to find despite the warnings of convoluted instructions
And the GPS wanted me to turn down a road that didn't go that way
I complement the contents of his fridge.  Fruits and vegetables
and a boatload of beer.  we order pizza.
I brought a couch cushion to sleep on.  
It would be more appropriate for Steve to sleep on the Queen sized bed.
"I expected better from you.  That's strike one."
He's on the phone with Steve and Holly
The logistics of this shouldn't be that complicated.
We finally found out what a magnet school is.
"Oh, I forgot that was the original question"
  

Steve relates the story of his post-college life
he subbed for the teacher that went on "Maternity leave"  (actually, he was caught "sexting" a student)
A story about Dean Koontz's take on singularity horror
"Sounds like a job David would love"
"Yeah, it combines my two loves:  computers and murder"
So, that's why Steve joined the YMCA.
"Oh, it wasn't because of the Village People?"
“That's strike two.”
“Steve will be mocked three times before the cock crows”
It's 00:26, note the time that Nathan first lunged at someone with a beer bottle.
She shooed the spider my way.  I want to be the spider man to his bat man.
Bat man wouldn't hang out with a pussy like spider man.
Umm, look at Robin.
Touche.
In the kitchen.  Steve excited to be eating cereal.  Drinks watered down OJ.
Poses like a shy little minx.  Nathan looks pregnant.  She decides not to upload that one.
  

Steve asks for a spare towel.
Let me tell you what it's for.  It's not what you think.
It's because I'm using David's pillow.
Nathan got a good deal on the table, but paid too much for the bed.
"I got screwed on the bed, but not on the table.  It's just not stable, I don't want a big piece of wood up my ass"
I had a dream about my brothers.  Special root beer, a big bag of slim jims and broken electronics.
Steve accused me of dropping cream cheese from a bagel (frosting from my donut) on the carpet
so I have to go all CSI to clear my good name.  That's cellophane.
Any other white stuff you need me to identify?
They are all cream filled donuts by the time I'm done with them.
Sleep with the fishes was a threat, but he took it as an invitation.  "I like sea food."
We head to campus and visit Nathan's office.  The sun comes out.
  

Searching for geocaches - some hits, some misses.
3 Finger Brown was a no-go.  Somebody was worried about being caught defacing public property.
we did find George's Greek cafe, Steve wanted un-American food
a rare treat for someone living in such a small town
  

Spend much of the weekend talking about our time at Knox
laughing and making crude sexual jokes
Something about Steve's man-crush on a drunken Chad
He's a married man hitting on college students.
Don't you malign his good name.  
I've been in her pants, but only literally.  She gave them to me.
At the Rib Eye steak joint Nathan bets Holly five bucks that Steve eats another bowl of cereal before the night ends.  
And they leave early Sunday.  
Steve leans out the car "Holly wanted me to tell you guys: Look, she hasn't killed me yet."
Nathan and I head to another park – find some more geocaches – traipse through a cemetery
I'm trying to convince him to jump the fence.  This part is less spiky.  “You'll be hoppy you did.”
