Friday, August 26
  

Driving home.
I think that this is the first time Illinois has greeted me on my phone


There's no telling what will be in the fridge when I arrive so I stop at the nearby Taco Hut 
Entering through the exit, spinning around into a spot.
Flawless execution.


Stop by the CVS at the corner of Grand and Granada.  Grab some wicked mango.
Cashier says "you better have your ID"
Tells me it will take some time to verify my age
On account of I'm from Michigan.
Um, it’s Missouri, actually.
Oh, do you guys still get lake effect winds?
No, but we do get some tornadoes.


  

This bag knows what’s up.
I share some of my smothered burrito.
Mother is shocked to learn that Taco Bell can carry good food.


  

Quit eyeballin’ my Bellsprout
My parents are watching Mulholland Drive.  
I’ve entered during the denouement, where things might start to make sense.


Saturday, August 27
Dad makes a delicious breakfast and we start the day off right.
I’m still reading Charlotte’s Story, discussing it with mom who lent it.
It’s an interesting and frank look into their lives.
Today I run across one of my favorite quotes from the book:
“He said nothing of import or I'd remember”


  

A spoon with a serrated edge.  As if our games of spoons weren’t dangerous enough...


  

Don’t worry.  I’m safe.


Boat launches at 1400
Bill and Lynn are brother and sister, same age, but not twins.  Irish twins.
He looks a bit like Ray Liotta with sunglasses on
And more like Ken Casey from Dropkick Murphys with them off.
An infectious enthusiasm
He requires a bottle opener
We have one on each cooler
He’s drinking the good stuff:  Guinness
I briefly discuss my predilections, I have a particular soft spot for Belgians
You mean, New Belgium?
I do like their stuff, but I mean things like Gulden Draak or Piraat, golden quads.


Guy paddleboarding, smoking a cigarette.
“It's my first time”
Well, you're still dry so you're doing fine


  



  

Wishing this were Lee.


  

Don’t you know who I am?


  

1500  A delicious Piña Colada.  The captain is so jelly.


  



Bill’s trying to order the Leine IPA, but they gave him the summer shandy.
Tells the bartender we want the other one.
This one?  He points.
Yeah.
Nope.  That’s the grapefruit.
Apparently, only the other bar has the IPA.
Two beers in hand we talk tech.
He’s Cisco certified.


Some random wanders onto our deck.
Security asks me with a motion is she with you?
I kinda shrug and shake my head and he escorts her off.


  

Our velvet rope is a white chain and a blue carabiner.
It seems like there should be an apt metaphor for this incongruity
This isn't the sort of place that is compatible with exclusivity
But it's not an overreaching affectation, not putting on airs
It's just a piece of deck with some comfy chairs


  

1646  Mom lost her phone.
While she searches the boat I found it on the bench.
“Oh yeah, now I remember.  I told the captain to watch my phone”


1700 Out comes the drone.
  

  



1721  We’re still on the first band Spoiled Rotten


  

Tom is having lots of fun with his Trump and Hillary masks


  

The sun dress says “Sun Please”
Still so many clouds, but maybe it’ll keep the rain away, at least.


1745  And now we’re doing shots of Fireball.


1812  Bill acts as part wingman, part life-coach.
We’ve worked out our signal.  Thumbs up, thumbs down is too obvious.  That’s amateur hour.
Our gestures are poker-based, you've been to Vegas, you should be familiar
He subtly insists that I incorporate a mass term into the ontology surrounding band classification
Though it is somewhat crudely couched in terms of egregious proximity to a bovine phenotype
Alyssa stands out from the crowd
A cute girl in a backwards baseball cap and glasses of a somewhat nerdy disposition.
It is expected that I engage in courtship , the hulking behemoths with which she arrived notwithstanding.
She and her friend Emily have acquired VIP bands.


1841  Saw a rainbow 
Another round of shots
Killed the big bottle


  

RumChata cupcakes.  “Better than women” I’m told
Rudy wishes they were weed cupcakes
Bronzed stout captain in mirrored shades
That stuff's not as bad for you as alcohol or cigarettes, he pontificates.
When she says she hasn't had it my Mother covers my ears
Because she follows that phrase with “...in years”


2019  With a final high five we bid adieu to Alyssa


  

2038  Coordinating shots with Tricky Mission
Write this down, we have a new favorite band.
A wild one, she explains the origins of each of her tats.
A haven for 90’s nostalgia.  An excellent rendition of Green Day.


The hat says Bon Air
Mom asks if he's a diver
But it’s from Fast Eddies, a bar near St. Louis.
And rather than elucidate, this guy is hung up on the phallic phonemic proximity
I remember at Mermet Springs the divers laughed the same about the island, Bonaire


2138  Ryan was promised us the last 2 or 3 barges
They couldn’t bring their Titos on the boat, so they had their own little parking lot party.
Finally shows up with Jonas and cigars.  We finagle some fire from some smokers over the fence.
  

Apparently, their pre-game was a little too intense.  Things gets blurry for these guys.


2347  Modern Day Romeos are playing and now it’s time to head out


my hand on his back I'm guiding him 
he's walking ahead of me
and then he's gone.
fell between the boat and the dock
two sets of arms lift him up
thankfully uninjured
dammit Jonas


Sunday, August 28


Food at Granny’s Lakeside Diner
Seems to be quite a wait for a table, though the outside seating is nearly empty.
We head out there.
Old guy shows up.
“Is it too hot to eat here?”
“Not for me.  It's perfect”
“Then you'll have no problem going to hell”
Sounds like he’ll brave the heat, but they tell him about the bees and he goes inside.
So many bees.  But they’re not bees.  They’re wasps.
Eating sugar, drowning in orange juice.


  



  

Grab as many tomatoes as I can and head back home.
