Walla-Pa-Looza
July 26, Chapter 1:  The Start of an Incredible Journey
I started out 60/40, leaning towards staying home
Getting my affairs in order for my upcoming trip and attending a Rehydrate party
I ended up 20% leaning towards visiting Lee and Scott
And 60% towards driving up for Mom's birthday
And that's ultimately what I decided on.
Tales told me that I should call first and make sure they'd be there.
So I called and super casually asked what they'd be doing this weekend.
I told her:  "I'm thinking of visiting, but it's a secret."
So it totally was a surprise when I showed up.


Another trek across the green wasteland that is Illinois.
I arrive around 10pm and the lights turn on before I walk in the door.
I came prepared for a pool party, but it's unseasonably chilly.


July 27, Chapter 4:  Anita's Birthday Party
My phone suggests we visit Emily's pancake house for breakfast.  
I can't well-argue with that.


Leftovers at lunch, I cut my half a andouille burrito into thirds.
Here, you eat the heel.  A conversation on burrito butts ensues 
And spills over into Mom's text message conversation with Aunt Lisa:
"Is that the part that's cracked?"  LOL


My parents are in training so we jog two miles around McDonalds woods.
20 minutes of exersize and 5 oranges worth of calories burned.


We're reading about classic cocktails for some reason.
Tom Collins, Tom Jones, whatever.
Let's invent a drink.  You provide the name and I'll choose the ingredients.
OK:  Stampeding Elephant.  Go!
  



1.5 oz Uganda Waragi
1.5 oz Crystal Skull Vodka
A whole lot of Blueberry Pomegranate.
Shaken.
Splash in some Sierra Mist when you decide it needs it.
"After you've had a few you'll feel like you were stampeded by elephants"
"Anything not related to elephants is irrelephant"


After watching previews for Sharknado we decide that we may as well go ahead and create
The greatest movie of our generation.
You're welcome.


Chapter 7:  The Concert
Out to Johnsburg, IL for Walla-Pa-Looza
The first band is some plucky kids what won last year's battle of the bands
  



Party Hardigans


Pizza and drinks at Half Time Bar & Grill.
It's bit of a roundabout trek to get there.
But that's a lot of pizza.
16 inches 10 dollars


Ah, I see.  Those flat paper envelopes surely contain some sort of ersatz lepidoptera.
But no.  It's real butterflies held dormant in paper envelopes.
"Don't worry.  Give them some time in the sun to warm up and they'll fly away.  Don't worry."


  



No.  It's too cold to release them.
They are now underfoot.
Don't worry little guy.
We'll save you.
We take him under our proverbial wing.


Is Ryan going to show up?
We'll see.  He has a competing offer of wrestling midgets.
Mom texts him a picture of some kids.  Promises to get them to fight.
He's sold.


And then it's the musical stylings of Friction and Modern Day Romeos.
Late into the night.


I'm asleep very soon after we make it back home.
But Ryan wakes me up. 
Tommy D is going to be in a bar in Round Lake.
One that stays open late.
Richard's Chicken shack.


Ryan and I seem to be the first to arrive.
Order a couple Old Style.  3.0


Tommy D in all his animated glory
Is headed over here arms outstretched.
But first the bouncer needs to see some ID.
Despite the classic 80's Pac-Man shirt he's rockin'
"Oh, there's gonna be some bromance, don't you worry 'bout that"


"We're all here."
"Well, you're not all here."
"Huh?"
"C'mon.  Even I got that one..."


We head out the back so the smokers can take care of their smoking.
A regular (Sam) lets us know that this place gets pretty rough after the other bars close.
"There hasn't been a fight yet, but I feel like if I said the wrong thing some trouble would ensue"
Ryan remains at the bar and makes a new best friend.
"What's the difference between bigfoot and..."


Tommy D is composing in his head a poem on Ryan's beard.
Care to write it down?
No.


"What's the difference between bigfoot and Tommy D?"
"One is a myth and one is legend."
"Bigfoot is extra hairy."


We're sending an ambassador over to the next table.
We're bringing back the hammer and sickle.


Fallon wants to know what I'm taking notes about.
You can let me read them, she insists. 
I'm too drunk to remember anything, anyways.
She borrows my clipboard to record some of her own wisdom: 
"used guys bathroom and almost got kicked out! but she knows the bouncer =)"
"Kyle is a Natzi LOL!"
"When you're married to me you have no rights"


Jen's a hamburger and Tommy D declosests as a Cheeseburger.
"What's the difference?"
"A cheeseburger has cheese on it"
With unreserved erudition Fallon leans in and informs me of a deeper meaning: "Cheesy means corny"
A subtlety I might have otherwise missed. 


The conversation has grown too meta for me to record
My notes have become a sort of exquisite corpse
"Fallon is a Glitter Ke$HA"


The bartender is not a fan of our dominance of the musical selection
"It's children's music"
The Ke$ha gets cut off and Kyle gets a chance to choose some songs.
He has John Lennon's cherubic face and a 311 t-shirt
Sublime, Type O Negative, Alice in Chains.


Chapter 13:  Midget Wrestling
"Oh my god.  We're gonna see a dead midget"
"It was an eye-opening experience"


Chapter 22:  Metallica is still playing.


Chapter 42:  There was a unicorn at the bar tonight. 
They made sure everyone got a ride.


Chapter 53:  I lost all my money betting against a midget leprechaun with polio in a pinball high score competition...


Chapter 73:  Sleeping in the public lot.


  

Marionettes hang in this contraption.  Old King Cole.
We scramble for quarters and keep dropping them in.
Until "it takes a Mexican to show 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 white people how to push a button!?"
And now we can play it eternally for free.
He quickly regrets this.


The bar closes down and so we head over to the restaurant part of the establishment.
Adrian the cool bouncer with a bedazzled face is a pawn in the battle between Andrew and Fallon.
We consume some hot dogs.
And drama escalates.
They start walking.
