The man who mistook a Shell station for Asia
Adventures in exotic Istanbul




Las Vegas
Monday, August 5
Chicago
Istanbul
Wednesday, August 7
Thursday, August 8
Friday, August 9th
Saturday, August 10
Sunday, August 11
Monday, August 12
Tuesday, August 13




Las Vegas
Population: 589,317 
Monday, August 5
Def Con 21 is winding down; time to start the next chapter in this Daventure


Taking the shuttle from the Rio to the airport
The radio squawks about a no-show at Caesar’s Palace
“Another woman that doesn’t listen to me”
The next voice starts with a chuckle:  “Another inbound, terminal 1”


And it’s somewhere on this shuttle ride that I realize that I don’t speak Turkish.  Or Greek.
What have I gotten myself into?


To get my boarding pass they need to see my visa.  
Which is odd, since I’m sure I didn’t actually need to acquire it until after landing.
Anyways, I’m through security and I got myself a monkey lovin’ pretzel dog.
Eleven bucks for a Stella? 
After an inadvertent glance at my driver’s license
The “bartender” Rickie asks “Where you from in Missouri?”
He used to live in the STL.
“How you like livin’ here?”  I ask him
“It’s nice; if you can survive July.”


I hold on to my receipt.  Afraid to throw it away.
The DEF CON crowd makes average levels of paranoia simply insufficient.


Sitting in the airport thinking of people as agents, in the AI sense.
Bundles of data structures and methods.  “I am pure class”


Board the plane.
The flight attendant asks the little girl where she’s going.
“Chicago”
“Good thing”  
Cause that’s where this plane is headed.


Chicago
Population: 2.707 million[a]
  



I rush.  Tram to terminal 5, someone is puking.
As my gate comes into view, they are already boarding.
I shake hands with Lee who then heads into the bathroom.


The lady with the computer asks me where I want to sit.
And I try to negotiate a seat next to Lee, but things get complicated.
“We’ll sort it out in the air” I tell her.
I thought I scored an aisle seat, but I find a gruff man sitting where my boarding pass tells me I should.


And so it begins.  
Announcements primarily in a language that I don’t understand and secondarily in a British accent.


giriş means entrance
Note:  ç is pronounced like ch and ş is pronounced sh


We taxi, taxi, taxi
Then the engines roar and we bid Chicago goodbye.
Screaming over Lake Michigan and then into the clouds.
I’m hungry.  Hope they feed us soon and I don’t sleep through it.


We’re hardly any time in the air and they give us Turkish delight.
That’s already one Turkish thing off my checklist.


They call it a menu, but there are only two binary decisions.
I find it amusing that they translate two Turkish words to two French ones and consider it the English translation.


afiyet olsun means bon appetit


The cucumber’d yoghurt is different, but delightful.
Even on an airplane.
I consider adding a beer to my list, but opt for red wine instead.
The little bottles are too cute and I am leery of beer from a can.
Also:  the wine bottle has a QR code on it.
The beef meal is a tasty meat loaf/ball and a pleasant little shrimp sleeps on a bed of lettuce.[b]
I wish this was a train where Lee and I could saddle up to the bar car and swap stories.
Also: I wish I hadn’t ended with the cake.  Tastes like Little Debbie had a stroke.
And then they serve tea


şeker means sugar


A lady’s neck pillow lands in my lap.
On the way to Chicago the only movie available was that one where they ride bugs.
A child’s movie, well-crafted in some respects I’m sure, but irritating in its derivative and predictable nature.
On this flight I watch The Watch.  Funny, but over-edited.  And Captain America.
Light creeps through the blind.
My seatmate takes ~15% of my seat.
My first impression of him was sour, he was chatting on the phone
Giving the flight attendant the “yeah, yeah” gesture when she tried to get him off of it.
But he helps me put by seat back and points to the pocket when I’m looking for a place to put my water.


Tuesday, August 6
Breakfast at 7am / 3pm over Zagreb, Croatia or possibly (and more fittingly) over Hungary.
Outside the window is patchwork agriculture that looks like Kansas.
Istanbul
Population: 13.85 million
  

We land and though we requested pick-up (the hotel told us it was included, free of charge)
Once again I’m stymied in my efforts to have someone meet me in the airport with my name on a sign.


Lee’s passport photo looks like a sysadmin Peter Griffin[c], but Lee looks like a (young) Elvis crocodile wrestler.


So we decide to take the metro in.  We can do this.
But we have no money.
So we hit the ATM.
The bills are all too large.
So Lee buys some Turkish toothpaste.
And two Instabulkarts.


Riding in, all I see is commerce on commerce.
People on top of people.  Shops.
Things for sale that I don’t need.
City faces.  Sharp, sullen.
Distrustful.
But Lee, his open eyes see opportunity, possibility.
What would it be like to live here, to eat there, to ride daily into another district.
“I like this city already”
“Get your high fivin’ hand ready”
I’m observant, but generally too passive.
I’m happy to be the remora attached to his shark.


We easily pass through the old walls of the Ottoman empire.
“And that’s why metro beats cannon every time”


And on the other side everything looks old, but like 1970s old, not 1200s
But then we get off at the Sultanahmet stop and step forward to the sight of the Blue Mosque
This is ancient history, still alive.
The epitome of culture.


  
  



We navigate past it
And check in to the Acra.
We’re given one key, one bed.  
Umm, wait.  What?  Acra-scuse me?  (c.f. Pitch Perfect)
A Jackie Chan movie is on Kanalturk.
  

Should we ask for a second bed?
This could be a long week.


  

The elevator goes to -2[d]
Floor 3 has been redacted.
I find this infinitely amusing.
“If this doesn’t take up a page in your photojournal…”


asansör means elevator


  

Had we ever awakened early enough we could have breakfasted with old palace ruins.


We walk down the street and people start to exhort us to patronize their restaurant.
“Just come and look my menu, friend”
The city smells good.  Floral and food.  Roast nuts and spices.
Watermelon sold on the streets, juice of pomegranates.
  

Packs of strays.  
A guy driving balls to the wall backwards pulls up next to a napping black dog.




  

What an amazing public space this is.
Part fairgrounds, part Disney meets Notre Dame (again).
The flying buttresses, the vendors shout above the noise.
This is the last day of Ramadan.  They must fast during the day.
  



Everything is so new and different.
Bread, blankets, bottles of water being hawked.


  

Uhh, Dur….  Stop.


  

“I’m sorry I couldn’t solve your t-shirt”
It just says DC-21 in faux LED
“It makes you look really clever”


A guy is walking down the street with a hookah strapped to his back.
Signs sometimes call it a nargile, but most refer to it as a şişa
“Do you think that people just take hits off his back?”
“I really don’t know”
“Yeah, that was rhetorical; I know you’re not an expert on this guy”
Lee says “I have to smoke something” and buys a pack of cigarettes.


“This is it...”  he says in awe
“What, a Shell station?  I’ve seen one before.”
“No, there.  That’s Asia.”
Oh.  I haven’t seen one of those before.


  

I mean, seriously?  It’s not even that nice a Shell station.


  



Walking, walking through streets packed with vendors.
We get to the bridge and this man wants us to step into the restaurant.
Drives a hard bargain.  Begging, pleading, describing.
Knocking Lira off the price of every item.
“I promise you”
Soulful Gypsy eyes.
“15 Lira off, I promise you”
“You’re young, you’re probably poor.  I’ll make you a deal.”
With the sincere authenticity only a swindler could have.
And so we eat at Galata Balik.
I order a bira, but what brewer?
I can’t get a straight answer, it doesn’t matter.
It says Efes Pilsen on the glass.  2.5  An exceedingly average weak beer.


bira means beer


Dining in view of the “new” mosque.  It’s only ~400 years old.
Lee smokes another Viceroy.  “American Blend”  
You came all this way, just to…


And then we hear the adhan.
The muslim call to prayer blared over loud speakers.
“Is this your first time in a muslim-dominated area?”  “Yes.”


At the next table over they set a fish on fire.
Mine still has a face.
I ate the eye.  Meh.
The gooey burst is okay.  The crunchy bits are bleh.
A long wait for the end of the meal, the fruit, the check.
  



balik means fish


“That is honestly the most impressive thing I’ve seen so far”
A 3 Lira plastic toy with a single LED launched by a rubber band




  

Here, get a picture of me looking like a creepy, crazy person in front of the Aya Sofia.


  



We are coincidentally here at the end of Ramadan, the beginning of Eid al Fitr.  A festival, a celebration.


I’d love to have a painting of Smurfs in front of the Blue Mosque.
That’d be smurfy.


We walk north a bit, towards Galata.  A crowd still lingers.


Back at the hotel our request to move to a room with two beds has been met.
The guy behind the desk seemed like he wanted to do nothing more than help me
But also that he wanted to stab me in the face.
(Look, I’m sorry, I may have clicked the wrong thing.  If you can’t do it, you can’t do it, that’s OK…)
  



Walking, walking.  Trying to find a rooftop bar.
Then, any bar.
It’s 2am the last one on our radar is closing.
Make a note:  to party later than 2am we’ll need to go to Beyoğlu (Bay of glue?)


Lee, unpacking finds a sweet note from Heidi
A private note, its content unknown to me.
It doesn’t mention Amsterdam, does it?


Wednesday, August 7


That was the most refreshing shower I’ve had in a long time.
A powerful jet on sore muscles and 2 days of grime.


  

Our lovely view.


I have to deal with the bank today
Explain to them that yes, I really am in Turkey.


A McDonalds across the street from a Starbucks.
You’re welcome.


Döner kebap for breakfast in a quaint cafe.
We asked for a Turkish coffee and they served us Nescafe.


kahve means coffee


  

Obelisks and minarets.
Booths and wares and glass blowing down at the Hippodrome.


The information desk informs us that the museum we are looking for is closed for restoration.  He makes an ‘X’ with his arms.
So, we didn’t succeed in finding it, but we justifiably failed.
“Partial high-five”  Three fingers.  
So, just a high three, I guess.


He’s dating a 22-year old and taking selfies.  SMH.
Wait, you don’t know what YOLO means?
Are you taking the piss?
Wait, that doesn’t sound right without a British accent.
No.  It doesn’t.


Trying to find ingress into the Aya Sofia.
Random guy selling something comes up to me:  “You are the man.  Where are you from?  … I am a crazy guy”


“Shoe shine, my friend?”
“No, thank you.”
“Look, it’s dirty, dirty.  Yes, thank you.”


ayakkabı means shoe


We procure museum passes and entrance to the Aya Sofia.
Snapping away, photos in dim light.
Trying fruitlessly to capture grandiose and sublime beauty.
Waiting in line to stick our fingers in a rock.
“...and that putting one’s finger into the hole can lead to ailments being healed if the finger emerges moist”
The audiobook says there’s an angel in there and your wishes come true.
  

My finger emerged rather dry...
  

Lee standing on the Loge of the empress.


  
  

The thought of Vikings acting as fearsomely as teenage boys makes me giggle.


  

The Blue Mosque from the Hagia Sophia.




________________


To the Basilica Cistern.  Haunting pan flute plays.
  
  



________________


Medusa is down here.
  
  

This is how you get water up your nose.
Lee switches from the iphone to a real camera in an attempt to capture koi.


And this is the day that Ramadan ends.  Eid al-Fitr.
We’re here in the midst of the Feast of the breaking of the fast.


  

We make our way to the Grand Bazaar.
An immense amalgamation of shopping.
  

Order Turkish Coffee at Cafe Sultan.
That’s better.  It’s not Nescafe.
Crowds and bright colors and everything is for sale.  It’s the Turkish Walmart.
I don’t normally like shopping but this is exhilarating.
But the assault, assault on the senses.
Eventually it desensitizes.


Büyük Çarşı means Grand Bazaar


[Speaking Russian]
“It’s like a Christmas Week.  Ahh...”


So many languages thrown about
A lot of Spanish, French.  English is the lingua franca, but most salesmen speak more than two.


Lee bought his second 99 names of God.  So, now he has 198.
The sounds of haggling.  Negotiating for a lamp.
I like that painting.  It’s finger-poking-sword-man.
But there’s no software for sale anywhere.


“You want some Turkish Delight?”
“No, thanks”
“How about some Japanese Delight?”
“Yeah, man”  I couldn’t tell if he was just messing with me.


There’s a beautiful leather bound notebook.
I’m almost halfway through this one and not halfway through my trip…
It’s 25 lira, but for you 20.
Still more than I’m willing to pay so I walk away.
I think it over and poke my head back in.  25?  Now, 30.  No, no.  Okay, 20.
No thanks.


Through unfamiliar streets of Eminönü, all aligned with people and chaos.
I’m glad I’m travelling with an Eagle Scout.


We reach the foot of the Galata bridge.
We buy fish sandwiches from the boats in which they were caught.
They cook them up, slap them on some bread, throw on some lettuce.
The fish sandwich gets raves from Lee
“Can we eat nothing but this for the rest of the trip?”
People walking around selling wet wipes.  Kids, mostly.
1 Lira, 1 Lira.
Some back away after a simple motion.
Others are quite insistent.


  



We stop by the liquor store for some Raki.  Which is basically Turkish Ouzo.
“Maybe it’s the Raki talking, but this is the best gyro I have ever had.”  (c.f. Greek Fest)
The beer selection is paltry.  We got both kinds:  Miller and Efes.


The hotel guy (Mehmet) tells us that there is a nice view, nice people.
Across the street, over there  “of course there, not here”
“You go over there, you’ll find such beautiful girls.”
“Yeah, but we only have one room.”
“I get you another” he says with a wink.
“Nah, I couldn’t anyways” says Lee.


kız means girl


“Is that Raki?  Turkish Raki?”  He asks Lee enthusiastically.  Thumbs up.
He looks at my bottle and scoffs (like I would at a tourist drinking Bud). 
“I know” I say, apologetically.  “ I just had to try it”


  

Sitting outside the hotel I drink my Efes Dark.
Carmalish, malty?  I actually like it.  3.5


Lee asks him about the holiday.
The Grand Bazaar will be closed, but the mall and private shops will be open
he says with a dismissive shrug that suggests to me that Eid will not significantly interfere with our plans.
The clubs will be open.
Anything you suggest?
You go north, you find anything you like.  There’s over 300.
But be careful, don’t interact with anyone.


We wander off in search of food.
We made it mostly through the street before they start the hard sell.
Our man is particularly effective at talking to the ladies.
“Hello” he says.
As the pretty girl walks by without a word, he shouts after her (genuinely wounded) “Is that the extent of our conversation?”


“Don’t do that”
“What?”  Afraid I’ve inadvertently committed some grievous faux pax.
“Chew your nails.  It makes you addicted; makes you smoke more”
Haha.  I don’t smoke, so guess I’m OK.


And then we return to the Hotel for more Raki.
“Drink too much” Mehmet says with a wink and an impish grin.
“Was that an order or a criticism?”
He looks a little like my uncle Tom and sounds a lot like Watto from Star Wars.
He’s been working 12 hours days straight for quite a while.


Lee is engrossed in Facebook.
“Who is Jan Peters?”


“Are you having a good time?”
“Who’s asking?”
“Heidi”
“Oh.  Yes.”
He messages that I said “None of your fucking business”  Which elicits a Hahaha.


  

There’s a plastic fan toy on the table next to us.  It plays Gangam Style if you press this button.
Even this quiet street is quite alive.


I’m failing to dodge the landmines in Lee’s life and managed to make him morose.
But we roll on.


  

Rooftop bar hopping.  
I linger in the elevator for this shot.
I find it interesting that the waiter is the one with the blurred face.
And that my flash so perfectly obscures the face of the other one.
The creepy doorman gives me a sour look as I take this picture.


  



“We have beer and we have wine.”
“What do you have?”
He just reiterates the same.  It was overly optimistic to expect anything else.
I guess I’ll have:  beer.
Well, this place is a good one to scope the other rooftop bars.
A view so sweet, but we don’t have the patience, equipment, training to capture.  Ah well.
We’re quickly ushered off.  They want to get home for the Holidays and we don’t want to be rude.
  



We head down and over to the next roof-top bar.
Are you open?  Yes, of course.
Seven Hills.
The mat reads “Wellcome”
Did they intend to allude to the Sanger institute?
Lee reads it with a lovely roll of his ‘l’s
That’s the first time I heard that.


From this vantage point the mosques look much further.  The helicopter toys fly much higher.


The ritual of the Raki.  
Pour the liquor.
Pour the water, watch it cloud.
Drop a single ice cube.


suyu means water


We engage in simple, but intellectually satisfying conversation.
But now they want us to leave.
“That was a dramatic bucket drop”
“To a certain extent no megacity I’ve seen is like any other”
Around midnight the bridge engages in an impressive, dynamic light show.
Then goes back to a solid color.
“Now that I know what it can do…”


The city is amazing, but neglected in the global narrative...
That building is 1500 years old (minus the minarets)
The city lost to Islam…


And then we spend some time talking about video games.
Fallout / Skyrim / Civilization.


This place is closing down.  We’re not ready for bed.
We could go off to the clubbing district, but would feel safer having seen it in daylight first.


Thursday, August 8


We climb off the roof and head back down the street.
Play with the dogs along the way.
  
  

This is cool?


Sitting on another couch on the edge of the street.
Together in Electric Dreams plays, which reminds me of Elonka
Talking about relationships.  “Are we having this conversation?   Yeah, I guess we are.”
This guy is recommending the Zarife night club on Belle street for techno music.  “Yeah, we need to go over there”
“But then what do you do?”
“You don’t buy them flowers”


1:30am.  This bar just rickrolled us.
“Are you taking notes on this?  Is this happening?”
“I promise first thing tomorrow morning a high five rain check.”


Phase one:  recon
She’s Australian.
Are they going to light this?  We have a cola şişa.
A taste oddly foreign and yet pure Americana.
Phase two:  she walks away.


  

“You’re back!?” exclaims Mehmet, somewhat familiar and sounding disappointed.
We’re drinking more Raki and now discussing Kiev.
It’s the *muah*  everywhere women, no men.
He’s been electronically courting women.  
Lining them up in Kiev, in Moscow.
“I want to go with you”
Out comes the phone and now Lee has liked Shooters Kiev.  A shady bar in a far off land.


“Is everyone but us staying at this hotel old?”
“No…” 
The implication becomes we are lame for being in this area so late.
But it’s a great conversation.
We talk more of travel.
The difference between the generations.  
We travel more.


Two cats start to interact.  Which of the four primal ‘f’s?
Will they fight?  Will he flee?  Will they mate?
They fight over food.


Mehmet points out girls, walking down the street in pairs.
There, go chase them.


These guys stop by.  See the crack in the bucket.  We are poor.
Lee is lecturing on race relations.  
He points at me and says “Where he’s from…”
“We don’t know racism here”
We made it a bit too far through the bottle of Raki.
“I hope you’re not going to punch me, but like you would meet dumbass muslims…”


“Why are you in Istanbul?”
So it’s a discussion on the honeymoon and things get morose again.
And at some point Lee tells him that we were afraid he was going to stab our face.
I can’t remember whether or not he laughed at that.
Lee’s smoking the last cig in his second pack.
Mehmet says “Don’t drink too much…”


We go up to bed with exuberance and a couple of spectacularly failed high fives.


It’s now past noon.  Should I let Lee sleep in even more?
No, this is too rare an opportunity to sleep through.
I poke his shoulders, open the curtains, talk to him.
All to no avail.
But eventually he rouses, rather wrecked.
“I’m not hungover; I’m still drunk”
That was a terrible idea.
The wrath of Raki.
“What’s in that stuff?  Devil water?”
“I’m not sure I can walk”
Yeah, we’ve pretty much written off this day.
Nearly nothing on our agenda gets checked off.
  



I’m sitting out front watching people pass by 
Another call to prayer sounds.
A loud, strong voice over massive loudspeaking strapped to an ancient building.
The age and scale of some of these structures is seriously staggering.


“Why are these photos showing up in my feed?
Oh, that’s right, I friended Shooters Kiev last night”


  

I order a Tuborg Gold at Pasha.
%100 Malt and I like malt, but this is a strange, sickening taste.  1.5
The cooling mist looks suspiciously like poison gas.


  

A native american statue stands proudly at attention.
Across the street there is a maneki neko at the pizza/pita place with the Italian flag.


hizmet bedeli means service fee


Gotta check the receipt.
Gratuity is often included, even for a party of two.


  

Riding a funicular.  This should be interesting.  
Security stopped Lee from taking this photo.
How it got in this document I have no idea…
I put the fun in funicular.
  



  

We emerge in Taksim.
This is the park that they were going to turn into a mall.


  

  

Men walking arm in arm, posing for pictures on the statue.
Yeah, they can get away with capris.


  
  



mavi means blue


This store.  It means “shit” in swahili.


  

The street, the street.  A mass of people.  All alive.
We find a Krispy Kreme in the Mall.
  



Buy some street juice.
Tastes like someone blended an orange.  Peel and all.
Thick, bitter, acrid, burning.


Listen to a great street band.  Lee throws them some Lira.
Galata tower, 1348.  Sitting on the wall, my nose starts to bleed.  
He runs across the street and buys me some napkins.


  

  

  

We fail to make sense of the ferry, but do acquire two tickets for a Bosphorus tour.
I’m on a boat.


  



  

Kid gets me to scoot over.
Then asks (I think) if I speak English.
No wait, if I am English.  No, I’m American.
So he talks and talks in Turkish.  Then pauses.
Expecting an answer.  And I nod or shake my head.
They laugh sometimes.
America, thumbs up.
Turkey, thumbs up?
Thumbs up.
At some point basketball comes up.
His companions motion that he’s crazy.
He asked where I’m staying.  I don’t want to tell him.
  



Back down to Eminönü
Street food for dinner.
I don’t know what this is, but I like it.
Is that wasabi?  No, I think that it’s pistachio.
The Turkish churro is drenched in honey and quite delicious.
This is easily one of my favorite places on Earth.
Just walking requires skill and attention.


  

“Yes!  A culture that drinks pickle juice”  (Pickled Beets)


Friday, August 9th


  

  
  

A little bit of hookah revelry.  
This guy is balancing three glasses of beer on his head.
And now a potted tree.


  
  



The waiter sets down the check, apologizing.
“We’re closing soon”
And so we off to sleep.


We set out again shortly after 11.
Breakfast at the Derviş cafe.
Heidi called us a couple of hipsters for taking so many pictures of food:  “Hipster high five”


We’re denied re-entrance into Aya Sofia.  
Head then to Topkapi palace.


  

This guy has a Marilyn Monroe tattoo on his calf that makes her look half gorgon, half vampire.


We see the prophet David’s sword, 10th century B.C.
Moses’ staff, 13th century B.C.
How exactly is the authenticity of this stuff verified?
I stand next to the air vent and enjoy the fact that it’s bathed in A.C.
Slapped in the face with a fish load of Islamic history.
The prophet Muhammad's beard is on display.
It’s like going to Graceland and seeing Elvis’ sideburns.


  

If I was building a window out of carbon I would’ve gone with diamond  instead of graphite


  

  

Lee takes a photo for a couple that possesses a nice camera.
Our pictures are all washed out.


  

And after they see his skill with a selfie he’s asked to take a photo by a group of 8 beautiful, bronze-skinned (Italian?) women.
“Will you take one with my camera, too?”
And then we enter the harem.
This man decorates every room like it’s a bathroom.
We’re saturated. “Basta” Lee says as we exit.  
There’s an altercation at the gate.  This staff member in the blue shirt looks like he wants to batter a surly brown shirt.
They hold him back.


yeterli means enough


  

Ancient sarcophagi line the street.  Their former occupants roam.
Surprisingly there’s no graffiti.
  

To the museum.  There’s not enough guards for the mass of exposed content.
He chastises a girl who merely points too closely and I cringe on the other side of the building 
As some boy puts his arm around the neck of this portal lion from 8th century B.C.
Aww, c’mon…  They’re never gonna make another quite like that one...
  

Wow.  The knives are still sharp enough to kill cockroaches.
  

This may be one of the mosaics we used for LOLaser
They rescued it from Dallas.


  

I find it amusing that the word for city-of-the-dead ends with a smiley face.


  

A game of “I got your nose” gone too far.
Way too far.
  

The park is writhing, full of people.
Hey kid, don’t bogart the squirrel.
Oh, they’ll do that.  Kids can’t get enough of that squirrely action.


  

Shoot at balloons with a pellet gun. 
The road leading away from the banana man is the most dangerous of all.


They seem to drink a lot more tea than coffee.
And they have a bazaar dedicated to pet food.


On a boat, part II.  Headed to Asia.
  

First a wrapper landed on my bag.  Then I got hit in the head with a Turkish waffle.


Random (bad) English on t-shirts:
“My Father Style” with a picture of a strange machine.
“More Talent, Less Ego”
“Stand up to the victory”
“I’m on a plastic band”




________________


We’re in Kadıköy
  

And now we’re in Kadıköy


  
  
[e]


  

I love you, Asia.
Yeah, we’re going to Tokyo.


It’s a new vibe, different food, less dense.
And two old ladies almost got crushed by a backwards bus.




  

“I want to go where that monkey is going”
“That monkey looks confused”




________________


I meow.
“How are you gonna write about the cats?”
Sleeping on a car, strutting down the streets.
Running from the vespa, spooked by the clang of a shutter.
Staring wistfully at me as I eat.  The model seated to the left of me snaps her fingers at it.
Shopkeep hits one with styrofoam, it runs into a woman who shrieks.


kedi means cat


Our maitre’d is a short troll of a man.  He chases away a street girl selling pens.
Mud & Bugs & Slime & Grime runs around, playing to the merriment of the table across the alley.


  

  

Lee orders a plate full of roly-poly fish heads


Irmilc helvasi for dessert, on the house.  It’s my chef’s specialty.
Sweet, delicious, and topped with nuts.
What is that stuff?
  

Ferry back to Eminönü, top deck.


She looks at me and pantomimes clicking a pen with her thumb.
Yeah, I know what you’re saying, but I don’t have one.
I nudge Lee, who is trying to take a picture
And for second time this ride he shares his lighter.


çakmak means lighter


The Saudi Arabian hands us cigarettes.
I try to refuse, but he insists.
It’s a Gauloises Blonde.  
Thankfully, he doesn’t require I light it.
It leaves Lee with weak knees.  “That was terrible.  My legs are still shaking.  What was in that?”
“I think you’ve just been smoke roofied”
  



Lee throws out the few words in arabic he knows
But the conversation progresses mostly in gestures.
Turkey?  He asks us.  Thumbs up.
America OK!  New York:  Thumbs up.
Apropos of nothing he informs us that he doesn’t drink.


My tram card is now out of cash, so we both travel on the one that we accidently put 20 Lira on.
The metro is packed and then we squeeze more on.


Passing by the restaurants, more dinner offers.
“I’m full” worked nicely the first time.
At the second place, the guy still made us promise to come back.
At the third location he handed us a paper and made us discuss his web presence on Trip Advisor.
“Even outhouses have people recommending them on the Internet, friend.”


Tonight we finally get around to playing the song.
The night air is filled with music, but it pauses as there is another call to prayer.


We make a vague plan to actually hit Beyoğlu.
OK, I’ll go put my pants on…


We’re both fairly nervous.
We announce our plans to Mehmet who tells us:
“Be safe, don’t trust anyone, be careful with your money, don’t drink too much”
I put on my button shirt, the one I was saving for the wedding.
The feeling is more foreboding than festive.
Excited and scared in equal measure
The beginning of every great adventure (like diving) but also of every terrible mistake.
We arrive in Taksim around 2300 and it’s even more busy than it was during the day.
I assume there’s an 80 pct chance that we’ll be stabbed, robbed, or scammed.
The cops blow into the mic to move the people along.


We need some liquid courage/stupidity before we can leave the main strip.
We end up at the Mavi cafe.
Can we get some beers?  
You want a şişa, no?
Sure, and some tea.
They deliver the şişa, but tell us
You can only get beer at the clubs.  
But we’re too sober to brave a club.  That’s a catch 22.
He nestles us in the room; you can only stay here 5 minutes; then we’ll move you.
He’s telling us what we’ll order.  Banana strawberry for you.
We counter with:  only strawberry.
“A red bull?” he asks me with a mischievous grin
I decline.


hayır means no


There’s both a no smoking sign and ashtrays in the hookah lounge.
After 25 minutes he comes to move us.  “We will go to Miami.  Lady Gaga is waiting for us”


  

“There is UK”
And he points at the ladies across the alley:  “There is Singapore”
And he points at the locals up the street:  “There is Turkey”


  



Saturday, August 10
Just after midnight: his jaw drops, then his şişa
He apologizes to the pretty lady, but she wasn’t damaged.


These guys walk around like they own the place and I am a mouse among lions.


1am and we end up at the Mono.
As opposed to Stereo, and not the illness or Spanish for monkey.
An 80’s theme.  The music is loud; they play Ace of Base and Madonna.
I order a Mariachi and add a very lemony corona to my list.
Lee talks about his reflections on the word “if”
And I try to explain programming using a beer bottle as an object.


We’re discussing Rambaud
And the opening riff is Ice Ice Baby vs Under Pressure, 2 to 1
At 1:30 we head to Canada, for a second drink at a bar called Montreal.


I don’t think she’s going home with her virtue intact.
Posing salaciously between 2 men
“What face was she making?”
“I can’t do it; I’m not white-girl-wasted”


At 2:10 Splendoy, 3rd beer
The order is made simply by Lee:  “2 beers”
I’d been drinking shorts and these are talls (Efes, the default Turkish beer)
This is ducking up my math.


Block after block of bars, of life, of noise.
And we find ourselves in the gypsy part of town
Live music, people dancing in the streets.
I accidentally opted into a fourth beer.
So this is truly nightlife.


This kid just put a Timberlake-style hat on my head and gestured for me to buy it.
The look on his face will melt your heart.
I want to adopt him.
“He would slit your throat in your sleep”


  

Lee trying to friend this red-headed guy on Facebook.  Sadly, to no avail.
“Where are you from?”
“We are Turkish people!”
“How are the women in your country so beautiful?”
“I know!  You see one passing by, grab her, she is yours.”
They exhort us to join the dance line.


Lee decides he wants to move here.  I can’t think of a reason not to.
I fear we will never make it home.
  

This place is called, simply enough,  the Beer House.
I’m seeing double, Lee claims to be barely intoxicated.
2 beers he orders, so now I’m on my fifth and it’s 25 lira this pop.  
As the macarena plays I show him my wallet to signal that we can’t afford another round.
“We’ll find an ATM.  This is the song that will get them to dance.  I’m not leaving”
Somewhere after 3am.  I’ve lost my voice.  I sign that I’m going to die.
“Did you not see how the girl in black could move?”
And then 40 minutes later in a snap, unexpectedly smart decision we taxi to Sultanahmet.
I still have both my kidneys.


We never made it to a proper club, but had a great time.
Staying out as late as we please and finally not closing a place down.
Even the flippin’ fruit vendors are open at 3am
Lee exclaims that even in New York the fruit vendors go to sleep.


Walking back to our hotel.
He never thought he’d see the day he could walk past
The Hagia Sophia, the Blue Mosque
And not stare at it in wonder.
But there it is.
Mere background, our usual haunt.  
We’re back home.
God, I love this place.


  

We have a cadre of dogs with us.  We love them, we pet them.
Most of a pack follows us home.  This should help ward off ruffians.
Black dog is my bro.
  

We stumble back past Mehmet who chides us for coming home alone.
We didn’t have a phone number to give out.
You should have given them the hotel’s


“And so we’re going back to Beyoğlu every night, right?”
“Hell, yeah”
“I love how visiting Asia isn’t even the highlight of my day”
“I know, that’s what I was just typing”
“It’s cool that we’re going to wake up past noon, right?”
“Oh yeah.”


Housekeeping knocks on the door.
“Sorry, can you come back later?”
We should have hung up the “Do not disturb sign”


We try to make today a laundry day, but it’s hella expensive.
I just get my socks done.
Don’t smell me.


A pleasant chat with they guy in the nearest market.
Vahad Duran, who signs my notebook and gave me a candy.
  



sakız means gum
  

Lunch at the Palatium
Built with a view to a ruinous excavation.
I order a tamarind drink because I’ve never tasted it before.  It’s like ginger beer.
  



The signs tell me I can’t get into the Blue Mosque because I’m not wearing pants.
C’mon guys.  It’s too hot for pants.
And I don’t feel any more holy in them.
Wait, but he’s in shorts and he’s in a wrap.
You mean I put on pants and I didn’t have to?
  

The scale, the color.  The thing is breathtaking.  Security cameras everywhere.
The massive floor is carpeted.  It’s like a children’s playroom.
They run around.  


We drink an orange pomegranate - tart, but tasty.  They squeeze it on the spot.
I’m surprised I’m not sunburnt, but when you sleep ‘till noon I guess you miss the worst of it.


How much to get to the church?  
The taksi estimates 40; it was only 15 to get home from Beyoğlu.
So we metro down and start walking along the wall.
Ask a cab driver for directions.  He spoke no English.
His Turkish and hand gestures gets us there.


  



bayram is Holiday, Festival


  

Christ raising Adam & Eve from the dead
Or an involuntary game of Red Rover
Lee is the battery Jesus.
His camera keeps dying, but he just turns it back on again.  


We eat at Asitane, the recommended restaurant.  A funny story behind that.
The place is nearly empty, but the snooty frenchman still asks if we have a reservation.
We order an aubergine (eggplant) stuffed with birds.
And I try to remember the the song with that word
How do you fit a bird in an eggplant?


  

I order a çay and finally I get tea in a glass


  

Am I allowed to eat this with my fingers?
Do I look like a barbarian?  Do you see any fainting french men?
The music playing through the speakers does truly sound like the opening strains to Istanbul (Not Constantinople)


We head towards the Bosphorus to walk the whole way home.
Away from the tourist-centric zone, through authentic neighborhoods.
Kids playing soccer in the street.
A crazy man marching, beating a drum.
And a pretty girl smiled so sweetly at me that the image lingers in my mind.
At the golden horn, a wide green open space
A man hollers at his grill he fans vigorously with cardboard.
A couple of dudes sitting on a bench, looking at the water, smoking a şişa
Fireworks for the last day of Eid.
So, it’s like Christmas, Halloween, and the Fourth of July.


  



Just crossing the street gets my heart racing.
3 lanes in each direction, fast traffic, no light.
We can’t cross here.  But we do.


2130 and we make it back to the hotel, exhausted. 
Our laundry is ready.


Lee is talking to his mother
“If you had Skype this would be free”
“Have you seen the pictures?  Guess you’ll have to learn to use your facebook account”


You can’t pause this video (the one that shows the girl in black) because she gets blurry.
“Yup, that’s how I remember her.”


Preparing to again hang with the Bayoglutens.
Another funicular ride.


He bumps into me. 
Somewhat suspiciously, a little too obviously.
Sabat the Armenian.
And he strikes up a conversation.
Seduces Lee with politics.
Lee gingerly asks about the genocide
Discussing it may technically be illegal in this country 
Eh, we’re over it.  We’re friends now.
Have you considered visiting America?
No, not since I saw that documentary on Arizona.
And when he offer to bar hop with us Lee is eager, but I shake my head.
No.
He insists.
No.
I probably would’ve gone along with it, had we not read ahead of time about the popularity of such scams


“I’m not even going to smoke the roofie cigarette he gave me”
  

Dinner at Neoclassic.
A third floor view of the street.
A toast to kidneys.  To keeping them.


The ice cream man puts on quite the show.
The dexterous bait and switch.


The second drink at Bidirik.
The fruit plate is perplexing Lee.  People everywhere are eating it.
I mean, seriously.  Who goes out drinking at night and thinks that eating fruit is a good idea?
Third drink across the alley at 4 Teras Bar
An OK view, but the establishment is dead.
Looks like it’s back to the Beer House 


A disheveled man is chasing another
A broken bottle in his hand
That was interesting.


  

Guy over there looks a little like kal drogo
He whistles loudly and buys a hat from my son.
My boy comes back over to our table and puts another hat on my head.
I smile, but take it off.  Put it on his head.  The hat goes back on my head.
He speaks little, but Lee catches some Arabic.  “That kid’s from Egypt”
“He’s a persistent little shit”  and sold us two of them at 10 lira a pop.


şapka means hat


Sunday, August 11


And we’re out late enough to see even places in Beyoğlu shut down.
We find, but fail to procure entrance into Zarife 
Get in the taksi and one word: Sultanahmet.
“Sophia?” he asks as he pulls up to it.
“Yeah, that’s good enough”


Mehmet seems worried about us.  Awww.
“Hello guys.  You are too late”
“Too late?  We’re too early!  We’re still ready to party”


Looking at the bottle of shampoo:
“Lather, rinse, repeat” isn’t an infinite loop and it’s because repeat is not “goto 1” 
But rather a (poorly named) function that contains the instructions lather and rinse.


At the market, getting our morning suyu, Vahad Duran sings at us and explains the festival as best he can.
Tram to Eminönü
A guy in an electric wheelchair and birds on his lap is driving down the street.
We enter the spice market.  I wish I could record the smells.
Large and bright and it all begins to blend together, but it’s vibrant and alive.
You need to be part showman to sell anything in this town.
The candyman is guessing where we’re from.
California, Texas, Chicago, Ohio.
Wow, he got us (close enough) on three and four.
Chicago Bulls, thumbs up.


“You like spices?” He asks me.  
“Yeah, he likes spices, but he don’t eat.  Am I right?”
Lee negotiates the procurement of a spice grinder.
Becomes family in the process.
Smell that cardamom.
He comes back to buy some saffron and white pepper.
  

My bag smells wonderful.


baharat means spice


Asking everyone that passes by, Are you from California?  
I’m from Canada
Are you American?
The old man (somewhat huffily) replies:  No, I’m from Canada.


He sees me writing on my paper - “Yes, we have…”
The vendors are throwing out languages
“Hola monsieur, como se va?”
“Bonjour.  Where are you from?  …   Ah, I thought that you could be French.”
  

Lee bought this top under a bridge.
Not for himself, though he does look fetching in it.


We stop in to a restaurant.  
“I think you’re here to eat.  You can order here.  Or, come upstairs, it’s better.”


It’s a rare menu what contains no English.
I utilize my translation app.


kiymali means ground beef


  

“Do not suck pepper up your nose”
This may have been the worst meal of the trip.


Walking away from the market, let’s stop here for a coffee.  Doce.
How about we sit upstairs?
No, no, insists Genghis Hakan (Hakan means Kahn).  A purely Turkish name.
This is where the action is.
He shows us his ID to validate his identity.  
He fishes for women.  “I will sit them here, next to you, but if they are old, do not blame me.”
  

Genghis is the second from the left.


Australians, he intimates, are great in bed, but crazy.  
“I brought her coffee the next morning and she was talking about eight months from now”
Lee concurs and I stay out of it.
Shall we connect to the network with the SSID “there is a death?”  
Perhaps the password is “memento mori”
We order two coffees.  Turkish coffees.
Thumbs up, good guys.
“If I was in Oklahoma” Genghis tells us “I’d order an Americano”
“Really?”
“Sure, why not?”
He reminds me of a cross between Eugene Hütz (from Gogol Bordello) and Sacha as Borat.
Living in the city is hard work.  A two hour commute, 12 hour shifts, 28 days out of 30.
He made some mistakes; when his kids are a bit older he’s going to run away.
Cape Town or Sydney.
“If you’re going to write a book, you should write a funny book”
He proceeds to tell us some stories he’s been saving for his:
The rich guy from a small village who smashed up his salty fish
The tourist who swears in exclamation as his meal is set on fire.
Lee orders another coffee, but I’ve had enough “Yeah, I can tell...”
Guys wandering up and down the street offer up their wares.  20 Lira for perfume.
And we’re talking about evolution “I don’t think we descended from monkeys…”
And I’m tempted to engage him on the subject “You see, we’re more like cousins…” 
But I don’t.
The conversation turns towards Atlantis and Aliens.
“We’re talking about the big bang.  You talking about big bum.
His girlfriend is this big.  She’s talking about getting stomach surgery, but he should just leave her.
It’s a good thing he doesn’t speak english.”
The end of the world will come in fire or falling or zombies.
Come back tomorrow; I’ll bring the book.
Lee explains the tenets of Scientology and I can’t tell if the look of confusion comes from the bits he doesn’t understand
Or the bits he does.
“How do you capture a conversation like that?”
“You don’t.  You just enjoy it.”


yaratık means alien
  

This cemetery also serves tea.  We can’t pass that up.
Cemen-tea-ary or Cemeter-tea
A guy on his laptop plugs his ipod into the wall, smoking a şişa




  

Back at the hotel, a guy delivers us an iron.
I guess it has to do with the laundry we did earlier.
Five minutes later he shows up again.  Exchanges the iron for another.
Gestures at us.  You put the water in here.  Yeah, OK.
A few minutes later we get a call.  Are you done with the iron?
It’s this guy’s birthday and he’s going out to celebrate.  He needs the iron.
Yeah, OK.


It cools as the sun sets.
It’s getting to be pants o’ clock.
We’re headed for a hammam.
Mehmet shows us the brochure and calls us a ride.
We’ll be wearing these?
It’s a bit like our first trip to Beyoğlu.  Nervous, nervous.
“You’re going to see me in all my shirtless glory.”
The van takes us there quickly, quickly, wrong way down a one-way
There’s nothing relaxing about this trip.  I’m even more on-edge.
But then we get in and start the hammam experience.
Everything is quick, efficient, staccato.
Go in here.  Put this on.
I thought we would be wearing shorts.  This is a mere towel.
Go in here and sweat in the sauna.
With a Chilean film crew.
God, it’s hot in here.
They’re headed, hush hush, to Syria.
Man opens the door.  Jabs a finger at me.
Oh God, I’m first.
Push, crack, rub.
Feel the miles melt away.
I’ve seen that neck crack move kill a man on TV.  But it feels great.
And that towel isn’t covering much now, but ah, don’t stop.
“It’s a good thing I’m more comfortable with my body”
He’s a quiet one - “back” flip, slap.
The oil masseuse wants to bring a few more words into it.
What’s your name?  Where you from?  America?  Big City!
No, this is Big City.
He responds with a two word turkish phrase that probably sums up the situation.


We can rush out and catch a ride back or linger and walk back.
We linger.  Watching some soccer (football) while drinking tea.
I’m scrubbed and soft and comfortable.


The Chileans are getting their feet bitten by fish.
Lee would have opted for that; had he known it was available.


We head back to Palatium, the food place with bean bags.
For the quiet burble of the waterpipe.
Lying on my back, looking at the one star in the sky.
I’ve rarely been so relaxed.
A slight smile crosses my face as I dwell on the pure simplicity of the immediate situation.
Nowhere I need to be, liberty to sleep in as late as I like.
Any more calm and I fear I’ll slip into a coma.


  

I’m eating a Turkish burrito
Discussing Gödel’s incompleteness theorem as it applies to tortillas.
It’s impossible to exactly calculate the effect nested tortillas have on tastiness.
A tortilla improves any food item, but you can not simply infinitely nest them for infinite awesomeness
There is an exponential diminishing return.
An asymptote approaching zero.


Lying again, after the meal.
2344 now there are six stars.


We head to the Orient Hostel for a couple of large beers and a grape şişa
Let’s find a couch - I don’t want to harsh my hammam buzz.
Listening to AC/DC - money talks across the street from the TNT Cafe Pub.
His t-shirt says “If they don’t have Raki in heaven I’m not going” 
The ‘i’ is a bottle.
I’m not sure if they have it there, but they surely serve it (sans ice) in Hell.


  

I think that’s the best image on the side of a garbage truck I’ve ever seen.
The South African, wine drinking guy turns around and says:
“You mean that’s full of rubbish?”


Lee starts talking about African languages and I, confessing ignorance, just say “Hakuna Matata”
“Is that the only Swahili you know?”
Come, I’ll show you what it really means.  You can explain so much of the language in that simple phrase:
  



Monday, August 12


He picks a most awkward moment to choose to jump into the conversation between two Australian girls…
“Oh god.  Do you speak English?”
A game of “would you rather…”
The quintessence of mu
Or maybe moo
But Lee navigates it rather easily.
And the American girl one couch over joins in as well.


Black dog sits next to me.
It’s only 2am but they are trying to close up.
He’s cleaning with increased insistence.
Shall we head across the street?
The Australians go to bed, but the American is game.


“I’m Leah.”
“I’m Lee, so that’s awkward”
She speaks like a well-educated person, without a discernable accent
But she does use the term “y’all” which marks her as a southerner.
She’s from Dallas, but now a lobbyist from DC
“Fat kids and big hair:  tourist season in DC or every day in the Mid-West.”


Her experience travelling alone in this country as a woman is significantly different from ours.
“My friend told me I must make out with a Turkish man since they are so hot”
But then he wasn’t OK with the idea that she wouldn’t go home with him:
“You’re in my country, you follow the rules”
Her taxi rides from Taksim are always north of 20 and ours are less than, even taking the long way round.
“I’m sorry”  
So far has only hit one creeper taxi man.  “Do you have a boyfriend?”  Over and over.
And when finally I lied and said yes, he asked, astonished “And he let you come here alone?”


She talks about her experiences walking the El Camino.  “I cannot recommend it enough”
Walking over 700 km.  I watched “The Way” with my parents.  That was a mistake.
Cause it featured someone that died during the walk.


The guy one couch over is puzzling over the phenomenon that is burning man.
Drunk is a universal language.  It’s like love and mathematics in that regard.
I think he’s trying to communicate with me, 
but he just keeps repeating those two words over and over and over.  I must be too sober for this.


“Georgian food sucks” her adventures in eastern Europe
“It’s like drinking Absinthe.  No, not Absinthe, Diesel”
“Prague and Budapest are fucking awesome”
Belgrade is her next stop.  
But she keeps putting it off.
One day at a time.
How long have you been here now?
Longer than I’d care to admit.
It turns out that Istanbul has been a life-long dream for Lee.
He fell in love with the Hagia Sophia at age 12.
I hadn’t quite that anticipation, but I did fall for the city.  Hard.
But when traveling you can’t just sit around in the same place.
Go, continue in the pursuit of novelty.  
Then come back here with fresh eyes.


  



“That’s a fifteen drink conversation.”
No, turns out it’s only a two beer conversation.
Lee starts talking about the woman he originally planned this trip with.
An Australian.


And now Lee’s getting somewhat belligerent with this group of way-drunk Australians at the next table.
Where you from?  Perth? OK.  As long as it’s not Melbourne.
Actually, I’m from Melbourne, mate.  You got a problem with that?
He keeps saying “America, Fuck Yeah” (while pantomiming a sweet guitar riff)
“I’m being a prick to you, because you were being snide to me, on the sly.  I almost missed it.”
“OK.  I can’t understand a thing that you’re saying…”
He’s pulled away before it comes to fisticuffs.


His Melbourne is her Atlanta
“I think all men are shit.”
“You aren’t that great a gender yourself”


I’m done after one short beer, already on the edge of incoherence.
It’s medium for her, large for him.  The total comes to 60 Lira.


We make a plan (including contingencies) to hang out tomorrow.


We wake and rendezvous and head back to Doce.
You need to meet Genghis Kahn.
His monkey faced friend tries to seat us, but we want that table; outside his territory, nearer the Kahn, nearer the action.  
He argues, but then relents.  “I don’t have the lucky”
Our waiter whispers (re: the Kahn) “Please don’t let him come over here; I don’t like him”
Genghis shouts into the crowd:  “Ladies!  I am here.”
The old guy at the table next to us echos:  “He’s here.”
Leah says “You guys meet the most interesting people”


He actually brought the book.
James Churchward and the Continent of Mu.
You have to read this.
OK.  We will.


We start with coffees.  
And now we want to order food.
“OK, but let me go pray first.  You can come along if you’d like.”
Lee disappears down a back alley
And comes back a few minutes later with an odd, serene grin.
“That was a travel fantasy”  Someone to show me how to pray the muslim way.
Ablutions and all.


“You broke up with him over Gogol Bordello?”
“Well, it wasn’t just that…”


The jean sellers are particularly persistent today.
Write this down:  Levis 20L, Diesel 40L.
“Finish.  You come.”  he says with his hand on my shoulder.
I don’t even wear jeans.


Genghis stops back by the table.  
“I’m going to teach you this phrase, it’s one that we use:  ‘Don’t forget your condom’”
That’s how you know it’s going to be a good party.  
It’s just an idiom.


We head back to the Grand Bazaar because I’m on page 65 of my free shwag journal and I decide that I do want the leather bound one.
It makes a nice souvenir.  You can’t come to Turkey and not buy an evil eye.
It’s a different guy today.  He starts at 50 lira.  
Forget about it.  
Wait, wait.  Don’t go.
I haggle him back down to 20.


  

Back to the cemetery for tea.
We want that tea we saw yesterday.
Ordering by color.  It’s green, like her shirt.
Ah, kiwi tea.
He sets it in front of us.
This tastes like green apple.


Life in DC.  Apparently Asplundh throws some really cool parties.
“I was the only woman and the only one under fifty and they are all line men and adrenaline junkies.”
“...the only time I’ve ever stumbled out of a Smithsonian”


She’s a communications major from Purdue.
That’s the second time that rhetoric class came up.


Lee shops at J Crew now.
Whatever that means.


“What’s in this water?”
I pull up my translator app.
“Reindeer.”  
“Haha.  What?”
“No, wait.  I didn’t finish typing the word.  Color.”


ren means reindeer
renk means color


Two hours at coffee, two hours at tea.  
The day passes quite leisurely.


Head back to the area of the hostels to start drinking.
Four beers in and “you guys want to go to Taksim, right?”
It’s too late to tram, so we negotiate a cab.
How much?  
30 lira.
No.  That’s not right.
OK, 25.
Still too much.
I’m not the big boss, I don’t set the prices.
A new cab rolls up.  How much to Taksim?
15.
OK.  Let’s go.


At this point I have exactly zero dollars.
Which is certainly less than the number of dollars one would like to have.


Tuesday, August 13


  

We spend some time near the Beer House.
I guess some dancing might have happened.


We stroll straight into Club Zarife.  Leah may have helped with that.
Clubs tend to have a token-based authentication mechanism:  cash or chicks.
It’s a small establishment.  Dark.
People come and go.  
Dancing.
Eventually they start bringing us drinks for free.
What is this?  
Tastes like apple and red bull and vodka.
By 4am we are roughly half the people in the club.


Somehow we make it home.


Reception calls us to remind us we missed check-out time by twenty minutes.
Lee wakes Raki rough again.  
“What was in those drinks?  I don’t know why I started drinking them.”


We check out and now we’re nomads toting our luggage.
Let’s keep it simple.  Derviş cafe.
With souvenirs, Lee has exceeded his capacity.
Buys all the luggage he can get for the 20 lira he has.
A duffel bag.  


Metro to the Airport.
The spice grinder causes something of a row in security.
“Metal?  Metal?  Knife?  Knife?  Knife?”


bıçak means knife


Sitting, waiting.  
This small, effervescent Cynthia recognizes us and walks up
“I was supposed to have dinner with Leah, but she blew me off to go out with these guys”
She’s talking to her newfound Canadian friend, Megan
Lee is slagging off Australians again.
He loves the city Melbourne, but hates everyone from there.
And of course, he’s in earshot of an Australian couple.  
“I’m from Sydney and she’s from Melbourne.”
“I need to stop doing that”


It’s five minutes before our flight should leave and we’re still not on the plane.
I guess we’re on island time already.


A wave of hot air hits us as we enter the walkway.
“It’s like the hammam experience all over again”


And now we’re on our way to Greece


çıkış means exit


[a]I thought this number were larger... I guess Chicago is not a big city for me anymore lol
[b]First class? I tend not to like airplane food too much.
[c]Family guy? http://www.iconarchive.com/show/peter-griffin-icons-by-sykonist/Peter-Griffin-Football-head-icon.html
[d]This is awesome
[e]I love this and the next one
