DEF CON 31 - DaveCon 2.1
Pre-Con
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Monday
DEF CON 31 - DaveCon 2.1


Pre-Con


Last year we noted - “Gotta get an early start on planning the next evolutions of it”
And the DaveCon signal group was made aware that planning should be happening
  

Did some brainstorming, but it’s more true to form for it to be last-minute, hasty, janky
  

So we’ll finalize the design on-site


Wednesday
Get a ride to the airport, get through the gates.
Sit and wait.
Reading Shit my Dad Says
Voices that pierce the ambient noise start to bother me
Listen to No Such Thing as a Fish


Flight is overbooked.  They’re offering $$$ for a volunteer to bounce, but no


Seatmate asks if I’m headed to BlackHat/DEF CON
I respond in the affirmative, but we don’t really chat.  The plane is loud
Aaron, Ryan, and I converge on Vegas at approximately the same time.


Buy some Clear Eyes from CVS
Purchasing it was an ordeal, card’s not working, just pay cash
Get an alert from my bank.  This doesn’t bode well.


Find some Thai food.  
  

This shirt is a lie.  He did not vote for tacos.


Aaron describes the bar.  The one we’ve spent time at.  Good times.
The description is vague and we’ve collected so many bars.
Riviera, Rio, Paris, Bally’s, Caesars.
I search my notes, find the picture find the name.
Sully’s.  Yeah, that’s right.
But I got some cross-talk on the location.
And I take us to Caesar’s.  
Wait, this doesn’t look right.
Check the map, okay, it’s actually in Bally’s
[It has been renamed Horseshoe, but like the Sears Tower and Twitter I’m never acknowledging the change]
  

(His first def con was 29, so of course it wasn’t caesars)


We sit at our usual table, killing time before check-in
Order a Blue Moon.  He swipes my card, errors on the screen, maybe it really is cursed.
But looks like it was actually a problem with the printer, payment eventually succeeds
Seems my card is still OK, but I’ll keep an eye out for unexpected transactions.


Ryan plays us some English Dub of Ghost Stories
It’s pretty funny, we watch it a couple more times and keep quoting it throughout the con
“Just fill the hole, hole filler”
“Well, he’s not racist”
“I think she’s right.  You are retarded”
“Oh wait, you’re dyslexic”


random guy walking by:  “I’ve spent thousands and thousands of dollars on Bugs Bunny”


Ryan bought a new shotgun last weekend.  
Don’t you have enough guns?
  



A goon says: “I like your shirts”
We’re both wearing taco-based apparel
  

But Ryan’s gets several more compliments throughout the day and that’s my only one
Strange that people seem to prefer a taco political party over an actual taco party
I wonder what influence the redness of the shirt has.  Or what would happen should we wander into Trump’s casino.


Head back to the Linq for checkin
My navigational mishap has already slipped into legend
“Remember that time Dave took us to the wrong place?”


  

We got a decent view of the dome from our venue, but apparently we haven’t hacked it yet.
Boo.


Hotel reg has its own line con so we slip off to the parking lot and sip some whiskey
“I thought you guys like line con”  This year I’m the only one in the group that did pre-reg


Ryan keeps singing small bits of AK-47 from Little Big
And saying “at least it’s a dry heat”
And the ‘don’t even know her’ line is getting old


Registration kiosk has its own issues, but nothing fatal.
It won’t give us a third key, but we’ll deal with that later.
Go to the room, we’re in District 3
  
Home sweet home
  
  

  

  
Clearly there has been a murder here…


Some more drinks 
  

We finalize the DaveCon badges.  And head out…
  

Cruise by the Con area


How about some secret pizza?
Sure, I think it’s at the Caesar’s
Haha, No.  I’m sure it’s at the Cosmopolitan.


Lagged behind, fell prey to vultures.  
Somehow Ryan wound up in handcuffs.  
As they extort him, they exhort me to take a picture
  
(They’re actually metal, by the way)
He carries a key, but chooses compliance over violence.  The whole situation was, unsurprisingly, fairly awkward.
  



Is it on the 2nd or the 3rd floor?
It’s right behind you
The line is long when we arrive
But the slice of mushroom is worth the wait
  



Head back to the Linq bars
Find a Pepper Con guy at a table of stickers.  Throw a couple down, pick some up
  



This guy remembers us from DaveCon and buys us a round
From the bar that is chaos, overwhelmed
So service is slow, but appreciated


He’s drinking an old fashioned
I ask for a Guinness
Aaron orders a Heineken and Ryan follows suit.
I can just get a Heineken, too, make it easy
But Fraggle aka Brian shuts that down.  You have to be true to yourself.
(Brians have a rivalry with Bryans)
This is Heineken Dave.
This is Dave DEF CON Car
You are Guinness Dave.  aka Dave Prime


Vandal is showing off his modded power glove.  (It’s so bad)
It’s got a Flipper Zero so flipping the bird turns off a TV
And he’s part of the black badge raffle


  

My voice doesn’t carry.  I’m quiet.
Discussion is rewarding but exhausting.  
~2200 back to the room for a breather, a quick recharge.  
Recently read The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World at mother’s suggestion
She’s learned that she’s the ‘anxious’ flavor of introvert.  (and you don’t even need to be shy to be one)
It’s the thinking/social label that fits me better.
This book helped articulate things that go on in my brain, makes me feel more valid, less alone.  
We certainly will, as Claudus put it, “go blow our meters out” 2012 - DEF CON 20
But I don’t want to spend the rest of the weekend in a social hangover.


Even when I’m immersed in it and getting hit after hit of dopamine from a conversation there’s a cynical part of my brain analyzing it.  This is a parasocial relationship or transactional in nature.  I validate you and you validate me.  It’s mutually beneficial but ultimately bereft of utility.  I try to ignore that and enjoy the moment.


Head back down to see the formation of line con
Passing by in the hall “Do you want a sticker?”
  
OK, I’ll take ‘em, but give ‘em away ASAP
  

And Ryan has already acquired a friendship bracelet and yet another gun


The guard at the entrance asks me “line con?”
“Yeah, I’m gonna check it out, not gonna stick around”
“You know where it is?”
“Yeah”
  
  

  
  

They have a honey pot for stickers.  Love its synergy…
And you just know I gotta tag it
  
  

  
  

  
  



  

She says to her companion:  “This is from a book…”
I reply:  “Yeah, Snow Crash”
“Ah, yeah, they tattoo it on the forehead of criminals”


I grab a snickers from the stranger’s bag of candy
He picks up an episkipoe sticker
  

  
OK.  Shiny one for aaron and a badge for ryan
You know if you’re a cop, you gotta say you’re a cop


Thursday
Ryan starts us off with a morning dose of Charge Man Ken
I eat some mixed nuts and head out for badges ~0700
There are separate lines for cash and pre-reg
The room is a dull roar
One goon says stack 4 deep
But the next needs to break it down for us
One person step forward.  
Two people step forward.


Chatting with a woman from Virginia
It’s DEF CON so I assume “DC area?”
And she says “Yeah, it’s a lot different from southern Virginia”
Sure, she doesn’t have a trace of a southern accent.
She asks why we’re all here so early.  It’s not like they’re gonna run out…
But my friends, they did run out.
Nearly immediately.  
I got my badge in about 50 minutes
  

  

GDIK means Goddammit, Kyle, which became canon during DEF CON 24
On god, I would like to hang out with him again…
(he had puke inside his pants…)
Ryan sent him a message about DaveCon.  He wasn’t aware it was August?  Classic Kyle.


Ryan and Aaron got paper badges.  Hmm, but to some degree, they actually look cooler than the plastic badges…
  
  



Now there’s a real schism in the Dave community.
“You think you’re better than me?”
~Dave prime has really changed since he got that real badge.
The AI was right…  We have a Davelution on our hands
  



  

Get some food at the Bally’s food court.  
On the way back Ryan got hustled by the CD guys.  I mean, of course he did, it’s the “police” times all over again.
“Here, I’ll sign it for you…”  Then they keep coming and coming.
  
  

One of them fist bumps me for wearing an AC/DC shirt.
I point out it’s AT/GC and he names the bases.
  
I have a baby in my badge
In the chaos and mumbles I’m not sure if he actually got them right.
I don’t have to give him money since I deflect that unto Ryan
I feel like I should have put more effort into saving him, 
But, I mean, it’s not like he doesn’t regularly exhibit the sort of anti-social behavior that should save him from this.
He swears he’s done with this kind of thing.  


Aaron picked this up:
  
Well, it’s nice to feel wanted…
  



Now we drive out to pick up the davecon badges
  



Aaron coopts his mastodon account for davecon
  

We replaced the leviathan cross on the skull since the satanic implications don’t jive with the inclusive nature of DaveCon.  
(OK, and it looks a little too much like a cock&balls) Let’s put a D there instead.
Trying to choose a font that matches the vibe of the image.  No, no, no.
Let’s try wingdings.  Oh no!  Capital D is 👎
OK, lowercase d works


texted ma my photo of the badges
  

DaveCon is kid tested, mother approved


R naps
I head back down
DJ Jackalope spinning hallway beats
I’m trying to find someone I’m brave enough to hand the first DaveCon badge
Found someone I met at the bar last night
Jimmy aka Colorado gets it
  

Random hallway encounter with an Australian accent:
“The tables have not been kind to me and I am now selling cheap graphics cards”


I get a tap on my shoulder from Fraggle.
Give out some more badges, got a #funnelcon sticker
Funnel says “rectal use only”
“Unfortunately, the bottle’s up in the room”


Things that “are people, too” according to t-shirts:  Harkonnens.  Botnets.


Heading back to the room for a rest I find Aaron and Ryan in the hallway of floor 14
And I decide to follow them back down to the con area
A bunch of people in hallway con waiting for noone knows
“the inevitable heat death of the universe”
“at least it’s a dry heat death”


chat with a SOC goon in the elevator
they work their ass off so we can just have fun
“If you’re a cop you know you have to say you’re a cop”
We love these folks.


heading to the toxic BBQ
  

Dome is on again, but static.  We haven’t seen it do anything cool yet


By the drinks, guy says to me:
“Casey!  Wait...  I’ve been too long in the desert.  You’re not Casey.  I’m hallucinating”


Find the peppercon people and earn this year’s peppercon badge.
I agree with Aaron.  I think it’s hotter than last year’s blend.
Not knocked on my ass, but not quite keeping my composure.  Not like Ryan.  
  



Guy giving out blank name tags.  Has one left.
I hand him one of my Dave tags.  “Holy shit.  My name’s Dave!”
Aw, heck yeah, it is


I tell Ryan “hold my beer” (so I can write this thing that I just said):
“There is no universe in which you say ‘fart of farts’ and I’m the bad guy”


we have some salmon and moose jerky - the latter is good


guy from Minnesota in a Dev Oops Engineers t-shirt sits next to us and renews our conversation


lost my baby then found my baby
turns out I was sitting on it
badge needs a cap


Looking up in my notes - who was the famous person that combed Ryan’s pony
No, not G Mark, the one dressed as a wizard


“existence is pain”
Maybe for a meseeks, but not when you’re a Dave
  
  
enigma
As we’re leaving, one of the newest inductees tells us:  “this guy needs a DaveCon badge”
Then I hand one to the guy standing next to him.  He says “I am not a Dave”
I insist:  “Well, now you are”


Dome is animated, but showing some Formula 1 ad BS.  Lame.


  
Fake chick tract.  Very funny


Back at the room watch some comedic videos.  Stewart Lee.
We got all 500 badges hole punched.  You can do 2 or 3 at a time.  4 is a no-go
Head back down to the bar


Ryan plays 1 round of video poker
Flush of diamonds, wins three dollars
Cashes out.


Head back down to the conference area
Goon checking badges says “Can I see that?  No, your white one”
And so we’ve Dave Con’d some new goons


Wander around a bit and bounce into Chillout
First Johnny then I have to hit the restroom
Come back to find Ryan in a bad state
Alcohol and crowds sometimes gives him trouble
So we get him back to the room and spend some time talking
Not pleasant things, but I think we’ll be alright.
  
Resources are available 


Head back down and wander around
“Welcome to DaveCon”
“Thank you so much.  I like it, very cool.”


Bump into a guy from UC Santa Cruz
He knows DaveCon from last year
Prime geek-out event:  “Do you know the human genome project?”
Wish I had the wherewithal to exchange contact info on this one


Someone points out the “Revive Kevin” sticker (too soon?)
this feels a bit ourobousy


“Remember that time we got recognized for being DaveCon?”
Friday
Check the time.  0035  Guess we made it to tomorrow
Met a guy from Costa Rica he’s been coming here a while, but he’s heading out Harrah’s way
Guy in elevator really struggling, but ultimately succeeding at getting floor 18 punched it
“Here, you need this”  hand him a badge
“Thank you 


Back to Con area
Spot a familiar face
Haven’t seen him in 5 years, but he’s still got the hair, his huge grin, that chill vibe
Why has it been so long?  “No excuse, but Covid and I’ve been a dingus”
I follow him to Chillout, but it’s pretty sparse and I’m exhausted
Don’t have the adrenaline to push it out further so I head off to bed


Sleep.  Shower.  
Still booting up.  Is it over already?
No.  
FriDave is one of the best
  

Put on my Dave shirt.  Shit just got real


Confirm DCTV works.  They’re talking about Kevin Mitnick


Expected to wait in line for track 2, but just walk in
It’s sparsely populated.  Early still.
By the time DT takes the stage it’s pretty full
  



last year one of my regrets was not enough paper notes, but looking back at what I’ve written so far…
“My bad handwriting is my encryption method”  2013 - DEF CON 21


Opening ceremonies
put ‘No law enforcement allowed’ on the homepage of your BBS
You know if you’re a cop you gotta say you’re a cop


Some conferences have parties, DEF CON is a party that has conferences
“We’re a conference of conferences - we’re like a meta-conference”


Duck out of the track mid-discussion with department of homeland security
To head to beverage cooling contraption contest, but the hallway is packed, at a standstill
Anxiety inducing density, I retreat.  At the elevator a fellow attendee echos the sentiment
He says:  “Just trying to get out of the asylum”
“Just need a little respite then I’ll be back in it”
“Alright, see ya down there”


Successful ingress on my second attempt, but BCCC is still setting up, not much going on there
Vendor lines are insane.  
I miss the days where I’d casually stroll up, get some Penguin Mints.  An apple.
There are hints of old DEF CON, but it’s like an ogre decided to wear its skin


Sit down in voting village
Eager face asks me:  “Get anything done on it?”
“No, I’m just taking a quiet moment.  It’s too hardware for me”


In chillout I put down some DaveCon badges, pick up a GothCon badge
  

They look badass.  Skull synergy and they come with a lanyard
  

Another sensory overload.  Elevator back to the room.
“Nice.  Nice.  I like people who do things”


Read some work slack messages, but seems nothing is on fire.
My legs are sore, but overall I’m feeling very good
Walk to the classic corner liquor store.  
  

Friendly banter between cashier and security.
  

And he says to me: “As soon as I get off work I’m going to buy one of these and drink it.”
Mostly stick with Truly remembering goon’s advice last year
If you’re going to smuggle in drinks, make sure it’s one of the same kind they’re selling
Pour the MtnDew into a gatorade bottle to make it innocuous


Back in the room, back door in the core on DCTV
Demo uses vim and opens kcalc with a wget command - I’ll have to check out the full vid when it drops


I stalk the contest area, looking for the lone gazelles
  

I don’t want to interrupt a conversation in progress or someone on their phone or laptop
Feeling like I’m about as out of my shell as I get.  
Seeking out people with the right vibe to represent DaveCon and tell the best stories.


?Cube looks rad as hell.  An escape room in a box.  “Why would someone do this?”


“My Dad’s name is Dave, but I’m Dakota”  
He’s gonna check out the villages and then go to bed (it’s ~1300)
I know I’m gonna need another nap before hacker jeopardy


Wander into smoker con where a woman is showing off her belt of badge life
Spend some time talking with a Dan.  About his work and mine.
Sounds like he wants to migrate towards programming something more interesting.
He brings up nanopore technology and plans and possibilities.
Should have followed him to the Flamingo for a drink
But I’m suddenly faded.  
Hand him a business card with my number and my handle and head back to the room.


Elevator refuses to acknowledge the press of the button
The woman says:  “The 11th floor is cursed, I swear to god”
I’m on the 14th aka the 13th.  You’d think that’s the one that’d be
“Nice googly eye”
  

this one is pretty misplaced, but has stuck around for awhile


Johnny is coherent.  Ryan is still crashed.  Wait, he’s stirring.
“Hey Dave.  Where’s your baby?  Where’s your baby, Dave?”
He starts “singing” Hole in the Roof
And plays our daily dose of charge man ken


Aaron and I get a free high five from a drunk cowboy. 
I don’t think his hands were clean


I’m pretty vague on the trajectories, I’m missing telemetry, not privy to much of the timeline
But from my perspective Ryan has gone from awake to belligerent real quick
We take him to the Bally’s food court for sustenance.
  

He’s really gone all-in with that buc-ee’s thing, hasn’t he
  

Gray murder shirt hanging in the mezzanine was here, but is missing
We had plans to grab it, but now we’re shirt out of luck


Quick hi to Jon & Leslie on our way back to the room
Exchange some DaveCon badges for PhreakNIC stickers
“We got to get this guy to bed”
GDIK


Each elevator has a unique personality.   Most have broken glass.
  
  

The one with the caduceus is the most boring.
  

This one is stuck in time.
“It says it’s voice activated, just tell it the right time”
We got a pair of furries in here:  “Someone said ‘paws’” 


  

Down deep in con area.  Takes lots and lots of networking hardware to pull this off


  

Hit the wall of sheep.  So far one, just one name on the board


Someone’s wearing a red shirt that says:  “ACAB includes goons”
  

I think every goon I’ve met could laugh at it, but that’s just bringing matches to a gasoline party
  



I think it was in the exhibition room Aaron and I trade Darknet Diaries stickers for DaveCon badges
And we see that guy from the Toxic BBQ.  I told him I like his shirt ‘cause of the double helix
“What constitutes a Dave thing?”


Guy in elevator says:  “I haven’t heard of DaveCon”
Well, we’re 2.1, we’re new
“You have DRAM on your backpack!?”
hell ya, 16 whole megabytes a stick, baby
  

time to get in line for hacker jeopardy.  
looks like Ryan can make it and we pick up Johnny on the way
we’re about as far back as the line could conceivably go.  should’ve shown up earlier
They’re throwing an inflatable gator around.  Spilling $$ worth of drink
Seems like Ryan really needs a new James.  
He’s only handing out badges to the two people that already have a stack.


We’re too late to get a seat, but we manage to snag some floor space.
Moment of silence for Kevin (Mitnick, not Ryan’s alt persona)
Then kick it off with a physical challenge.
Assemble a proper “wire”
Lintile says: “By the way this is now the worst idea I’ve ever had”
Oh, but I doubt that.
Ryan is chatting with an A/V guy about con history then technical content.
Long term storage that’s not actually tapes.
“Glacier?  I hardly know ‘er”
(Ryan points out I wrote glacial, but his comment was actually appropriate.  This time.)
Final Jeopardy references an incident from our neck of the woods.
  

Cocaine hippos are technically people.
“Why are you doing this to me?”
Of course there’s an AI category
And for some reason we’re looking at Black olives matter images
DFIU:  Don’t Forget It’s Unix


Cool old guy in the stuck-in-time elevator asks:  “Which one of you did that?”
We all know it was one of the furries


Back in the room I grab some more drinks
Ryan starts playing hail caesar from Mitchel and Webb and I head out
In the elevator back down this excited couple may or may not be DEF CON people
In a cheerful tone “...borderline - I’m either autistic or ADHD”
I badge ‘em
“Very cool - this symbol… what’s it’s name”
I answer and show my tattoo
“Ooh, googly eye.  Very cool”


OH:  “Have you got your steps in?”
“It’s like duolingo but worse - I swear with the next update it’s gonna start shocking me - get moving fat boy”


I’m briefly deflected from the con area
“No outside drinks”
  

Finish it, throw out the can and continue with my backpack unsearched


Spend some time at goth con
Step back out into the light - where and who am I?
Spend some time in chillout then duck into Hacker Karaoke
Not sure what I expected, but yeah, Futuristic Sex Robots, a little obscure, but why not
  

There’s a movie playing in movie night room, but it’s nearly empty.  Makes sense.


“Where’s your baby Dave?”
“Goddammit - it’s your baby, too”


Duck into queer con’s space
The panda is here
We gotta get that beast a badge.
  

Saturday
0020 Dropped my pen and some kind soul retrieved it
Carbon atoms.  You know what I mean?


Here we have a real-life DEF CON goon with a DaveCon 1.0 badge 
And here’s a fake goon.  7HR3.  C++ low-level programmer
I lost another tattoo eye.  And I need both drink and badge refills
Head off and when I get back they’re still there and 7HR3 is in the DaveCon signal group
Makes her D4?  The caltrop of the dice world


Run into Claudus and I follow him to the Flamingo
To a room with some conversation


At some point looks like I abandoned the notebook
Probably for the best since the handwriting would be indecipherable
but I do have some evernote notes
👍 past dave


Did wind up giving a DaveCon badge to the panda.
Got some Malört in response.
  

I think I’m with ma on this one.
Malört isn’t great, but it’s not nearly as bad as it’s made out to be
A lot like the fernet bianca that Jill and Scott gave me before absinthe got legal here again (for watching their cat?)
And it’s not nearly as bad as the homemade vodka/wormwood concoction 
That made me throw up in the parking lot of a jimmy buffett concert


  



I got some pop rocks.
  

Strangers have the best candy


Go to sleep around 0430 and wake up ~1030. 
Hangover level is thankfully quite light.  Start walking to the elevator.
Realized I almost forgot about the 321 rule, return to the room to take a shower.
  



OH on my way to chillout:  “I saw some stickers on the table…”
“Hey!  It’s Dave!  Do you remember talking to me?  Do you remember anything from yesterday?”
He’s got the forehead symbol on his shirt.  We forgot to vet it.  It’s just libra.  OK, cool.
Afraid that DaveCon may have a Milkshake Duck moment at some point
Since we’re pretty much chmod -r 777
And a bit rambunctious 
Our code of conduct (Don’t Be an Asshole) seemingly gets violated on the regular with no negative consequence.
  



The sun feels good briefly
A break from the AC cranked too low for my tastes
But it’s not long at all before the head is oppressive
  



  
Hotdog 1/7


Ryan got a sweet-ass challenge coin from hardware hacking village
  
  

And a 100 dollar bill under very mysterious circumstances
  
and his own packet of pop rocks
“Remember that time I won three dollars?”
I still haven’t gambled in Vegas.






  

Duck into aerospace village and chit-chat.  Aaron has been published in that.
This guy is explaining a lot about the industry.
“Best job in the world”


Back to the room
Aaron tries the malort
Says it tastes like mouth wash
So Ryan plays the Trevor Moore video
And then our Charge Man Ken episode


  

Ryan looks at some quarters.  “They gave him a fat neck”  OMG, they did


Head down to track 2, in the back to find Dave/7hr3
The ‘click once’ talk is fairly dry
Not a bad speaker, per se, but not particularly engaging
Somewhat soporific, but that means this counts as downtime
How’d we get a voice message in the signal channel - aren’t all the dave’s here?
But it was me, sending a recording of the waifu / uwu elevator


Johnny implies some of my notes are incongruous with reality.  “That’s not how that happened”
Wha?  Blasphemy!  I am the gold standard of truth.  
Nothing is real, but what I record.


Somehow, somebody thought that Ryan was not “creepy” enough for a reality show about strip clubs
It would be called Pole Position.  How ‘bout that lifetime membership? (c.f. 2008 - DEF CON 16) 
‘member the pants-on-fire time…
I ‘member.


Next talk starts and we got shushed:  “guys, I’m trying to hear” 
But if he actually cared about this talk he could sit a double digit number of rows closer to the stage
Eh, ok, we’ll head into the hall.
She says:  “I’m old, I’m like 30”
I laugh at that ‘cause I’m >40 and I’m not dead yet.
But it did make more sense in context, I guess, a story with a 20-something


And this guy picks Ryan as the older brother.  
But he thought it was a trick question, so doesn’t really count as a subversion.


Chatting with a guy what works at UPenn, 7hr3’s alma mater.  They’ve had overlap.
Guy took badge from table, read it, tried to return it. “Sorry, I’m not Dave…”
“No, keep it.  You are Dave now”
It’s time for food.  Back to Bally’s
How many hot dogs did you get?  Like, 7?
The drink cost more than the food.
“At least it’s a dry drink”
GDIK


BTW, the D in DT stands for Dave


“Killed ‘im, damn near rectum”
“Dave.  At least it’s a dry heat”
“Have you heard about our lord and Davior?”


Hit the liquor store on the way back from food.
“Thank you, Dave.  Hey, my brother’s name is Dave”
Ryan hands her a badge:  “For your brother.  Have a nice Dave”  And she laughs at that.
We love the people with a genuine joi de vie
Haha


“Look me in the eye and tell me you’re not going to eat that baby”  Street Fighter Red Tape: Blanka
You still looked away, makes me think that you’re definitely going to eat that small baby.
What’s your favorite energy drink?  It’s not red bull, is it?


  

I put on the Poor Impulse Control sticker
first comment on it:  “I half expected that sticker to be ‘this is not a camera’”
second:  “Did you lose a bet?”


We find Claudus and I follow him to Ruth’s Chris
Where I meet some new, interesting people.  Rarefied air.
One is Ukranian.  Recent zoom call with bombs in the background.


  

  



I break off to get in line for hacker jeopardy
Chatting with some new Daves
He’s a student at Purdue now.  
And I cut my teeth on an Atari 800XL
You wanna play a game?  Type N pages from a magazine.  Or load it from a cassette.
Talking again about BBS days to people too young to have experienced them
She was in political science, then shifted to CS.  
Could be in sales given her understanding of the human condition, but I love this trajectory for her
Yeah, I know someone else that started in poli sci then learned python.  He’s a flippin’ monk now.
I explain that even for my lowest years I can look back at my notes and thet ‘heh.  yeah, actually that was a lot of fun’
We discuss homelabs and racks (of personally owned computer hardware)
Oh god, oh god, my github commit log is abysmal these days.  
Too focused on my day job.  On relaxing, down time.
I remark on their youth.  A hint of my envy.  I’m an old man (I’m over 30, remember) and she chides me
“You have (does math in her head) something like 20 more years left”
“When you talk about DaveCon you keep saying we.  Is that the royal we?”
No, I explain the actual architects are Ryan and Aaron.


Miss Kitty walks by in a neat tentacle skirt


You down with APT?  Yeah, you know me


“Can I get a picture of your box?”
“Yeah, you want all 6 sides?”
Ah, no, one is enough.  Just need proof I saw it.
  



“Fuckin’ alpacas.  They roam all over creation”
  



I feel pretty good about knowing some of these answers
But: a crime, also password seeding
“What is a salt?”  Is waaay too easy for a $800 answer


“I don’t recommend chugging Blue Moon”


They wager all of it and we go wild.
But What is C?  Is wrong.  It was B
Closing out with WinnGPT
We asked Winn Schwartau the question


Here, hold my cow.
  

“You remember the cow times?”
No, I wasn’t there.  I mean, it’s no pony, but it does look like fun.


After Hacker Jeopardy evacuates I find Johnny 2 Shooz on the mezzanine
I think Ryan is headed into Vet Con around this time.
Apparently, he helped a fellow marine through tough times.  
Now, he’s kind of a big deal.  Can skip the line, be a goon, whatever he wants.  
  



We give a badge to Teal
He seems to like my forehead sticker
I put a lot of weight in terms of how people seem to react to it
Seems to be a significant delta between what you get from con and !con people


Lintile remarks that the escalator is temporarily stairs.
I shout out “Mitch Hedberg”
He says “Thank you”


Clear the hallway.  People marching out.  Mass exodus
Apparently, the con area is shut down now.
Conflicting, incomplete stories.  “I heard bomb threat, but I don’t know what reality is”
“Yeah, I wish I was at that level”
“Did you get evacuated also?”
“Not quite”
Bomb threat wasn’t on my bingo card.
  



  

Heading back up to the room to get more badges
I still have my baby so I assume I haven’t been flipped over
Alright, I’m headed back down
“Don’t get blown up”
“I’ll try not to”


This guy responds to my poor impulse control sticker by showing me his “aggressive animal”
Cool, have a good one.  I slip outside to write that down and a homeless guy asks if I got a light.
Yeah, I got one.  “Got a little money?”  Noooo
Then he gets a relight off of me.  Asks something ‘bout black sunglasses, I think.
Offered me some of his drink?
No, no, thanks.


Wander, wander, talk some more
Guy asks me “How old do you think I am?”
He’s got a beard, which helped deceived me, I guessed 30s.
He’s only 21.  
Neat.  He seems a lot more mature than that.


Ryan has started a new signal group for the ‘core’ davecon people to keep noise down on the main channel
He hands me a challenge coin.  Some heft to it.  
Guess this guy can be quite charismatic, when he ain’t being an a-hole
  



  
Got a duck and some skullz
  
Good day to Dave hard
Come to Vegas, they said…


  
More fake money…
Sunday
  



Was that elevator playing music?  No, some is following me further in a sort of nightmare way.
Turns out it was my phone.
There are people I want to find tomorrow.  
Someone says to me:  “I love your sticker”


  



Looks like Aaron’s flight was actually at 6am.  Not 0900 or 2100 like I thought
“He was getting ready to leave when I showed up”
Ryan doesn’t have his traditional “Cleary I have made some bad decisions” shirt this year
He received two SAOs.  Keeps calling ‘em ‘single action only’, but knows full well it stands for ‘shitty add on‘
Apparently, single action only means you gotta pull the hammer back - like hollywood, but that doesn’t matter right now.


  

Someone other than Ryan is handing out individually wrapped lifesavers mints.
And he didn’t even bring his ‘Clearly I have made some bad decisions’ shirt.
I mean, are you even a Kevin/Dave, anymore, at this point?


OK, so I lost another baby.  Wait, let me explain…
“Where’s your baby, Dave?  Dave, where’s your baby?”


The spongebob bath bomb message got deleted?
Yeah, just like most the messages in the channel.
I mean, I do my best to respect off-the-record
But how am I supposed to do a deep dave data dive with so many deleted data points


Pool on the roof has a leak.  That’s what got us shut down.


Find Claudus at the info booth and chat
Induct some new goons into Dave Con
Apparently, in New York there was a Ryan Con and they didn’t tell the Ryan
Ooh, so missed opportunity vis a vis Dave Con.  He already knows.


“There’s so many times I’m disappointed with people for not understanding programs
And programmers for not understanding people”


OH:  “This is caesar’s forum - you’re trying to get to Caesar’s Palace” 
OK, just follow me…


Dropped my notebook in the restroom.  And someone notifies me.
Oh, thank god.
At this point would it be worse to lose my notebook or my wallet?
Hard call


Follow Claudus into the contest area
Last year he was here, worked his ass off to win Hac Man challenge
I didn’t see him at all.  This year he’s just dabbling in it.
Going to try to fool them into thinking a smal green tomato is a lime.


Next door is a hash cat‘talk / demo.  She’s a great speaker - not reciting - pure riffing, reacting, and brilliance.
Interesting stuff.  “Sure.  Run it”
How long you think it’ll take to crack?  Guesses are expressed in days but the answer is:
  



“Your mom, no offense, probably creates shitty passwords.  Hey, my mom does too”
“That’s what unix uses - you’re not going to crack it in your lifetime”
They’re giving out t-shirts, but I have a stack of black I use for rags
“I have soooo many XLs”


  

“They didn’t buy my ‘lime’ and didn’t accept the green book - ‘that’s more like a pamphlet’”
On the other side hack fortress is tearing down
Some more time talking about writing.
I can’t write when I don’t want to and I can’t stop myself when I want to
One year in the chillout area there was a guy with a typewriter
“Oh, yeah, you mentioned that”
(Really, to you, wait, wut, when?)


  

Shirt on the street says I ♥️ hackers
“Welcome to DaveCon”
It’s one of the best ideas that Ryan has had that I wish I could take credit for


Walking out to food.
  

Taking this picture.  Davis comes up to me and asks “See any prime targets?”
He’s from Vermont.  “We have water there.  There’s no water here and my body knows it”
Would you say it’s a dry heat?  No, I would never say that.  Only a friggin’ jackass would say that.
Has new eyes primed to stick.  “You gotta do it fast”  Fist bump
I was thinking ‘Beyond’ but instead went with ‘Bacon’


  

  
  



OH:  “I’ve hacked 100 different pieces of software using emoji”
Ask Ryan where he’s at, found him before he could respond.


7hr3 makes a comment, entirely non-controversial, then apologizes for it
“Don’t worry, you’re in a Dave space”
Don’t apologize!


OK, so now we’re in closing ceremonies.
  
  

  
  

And our new neighbors already have DaveCon badges


“That’s quite concerning - there are many unprotected heads out there”
  



Someone walking down the aisle gave us some pretty nice-sized googly eyes.
  
  

(And an eye somehow wound up on the back of my t-shirt…)
A little bit of technical difficulties in the beginning
“That is not the slide on my laptop”
“Take it out and blow on it!”


The badges are based on penrose tiles, we can enter our uuid on the website
  



transparency report.  we had 3 missing persons.  found 3 missing persons.
1 animal on animal violence.  “they were not furries”


16.6 TB of internet traffic in a weekend.  We, for sure, need Nick L (our DevOps team) here…


DJ list just sounds like word vomit:  ‘..., spice rack, syntax, …’
Dispatch lost & found insists that the pepper spray is unrelated to the purple dildo


Villages says:  “my ears are burning and my face is red… go introverts!”
Grifter gives an ensure to Russ Rodgers ‘cause he’s old.  
“It’s not bad, it’s like chalky YooHoo”


After closing ceremonies we head to the room
Buncha jerseys on the elevator.  Someone remarks “That’s a lot of sports ball”


Chatting about AI with a woman what does machine learning for her day job.
She says:  “Fuck LLMs”   Haha, yeah, I love this shit.


At the bar area we encounter Jaku.  Great to catch up with him.  That’s a con must-do.
He wasn’t guaranteed to make it this year.  Recent 2.0 release, big things going on.
Swaps dog pictures with Ryan.
  

Love that badge.  Can I get a picture?
  

Chat with him for a while, then this guy has to head off to the goon party


  

Last year they had more official content going on this late, IIRC
This year, not much going on.
Goon says:  “The forum is closed now.  Can you guys head out?”


Hand out a badge.  “You want something in exchange?”
Sure.
  
haha, hell ya


I badged a laying-down pirate-goon and he seemed to appreciate that happened
“You want some free beers?”  head up to where SE village was happening
Hand out some badges and dillydally a little, then head back down


  

  



It’s not yet 3am but I check for Sioban at hotdogs  (Favorite DaveCon 1.0 activity)
She’s not there.  Where’s my hackers at?  Where, my heart?
Feels like I’m drowning, desperately clawing for oxygen what is being taken from me.
Sinking back into my liquid-breathing existence.  The perfluorocarbon is seeping back in.
I’ll survive it, don’t have a choice, but *gasp gasp* the transition is not easy
In the alley and the oddity is that we’re now in the minority
So I hand out a badge to one what seems already to be jonesing for the high the con provides: “Fuck yeah”
Someone else approaches me with a proposition, some kind of job offer / simple scam
It’s not the first time.  You can’t afford me, you two-bit hack.
“Are you here with DEF CON?”
Something, something about setting up a fake raffle website.  The ‘twist’ is “Of course, it wouldn’t be random”
Yeah, naw, I’ve got a job already, but good luck with that


Jimmy’s got the right idea with midnight fries
Asks me if I’ve seen the dome.  He hasn’t.  Odd.
Guess he’s been eating somewhere other than Bally’s
  



Monday


Heading back to con area.  Tired, but trying to eke out a few more pages of notes
Fraggle passes by:  “‘Sup, boss?  Dave!?  Daaaave!”
  

It’s now behind chains.  Time to book the room for next year


  

Wandered into Harrah’s.  This dude just ran up the down escalator.
Up escalator has been broken awhile.  
I give him a thumbs up  “Right on…”


Out onto the street, feel a little like the air is being sucked from my lungs
Heading back to a world I don’t belong after a short vacation in one where I do
Start to hear the strain, the refrains of that song.  post party depression.  by daze and daze
I was telling Jay, I was telling him, that before even the con began I was feeling these pangs


Fall asleep and wake up
To some work slack messages.  BambooHR requests for time-off, sick days.  
Doesn’t make sense at first, but oh, yeah, its MonDave
Social hangover hits like a ton of bricks


  

Play the official closing song of DaveCon
And of course it’s sponsored by Dave’s Hot Chicken


Head back to Sully’s for old time’s sake
Bartender asks if we’re with DEF CON
He misses us being hosted here
Yeah, we’re a good crowd
He remembers a spate of ‘My name is Dave’ from pre-covid days.  (Not sure that was actually a real thing)
And googly eyes
Oh, your name is Dave
I order a Blue Moon, a little hair of the dog to ease the passing.  
None for Ryan.  He has a long drive, ~17 hours without stops.  Plus the Buc-ee’s time
  
  

I’m looking through my notes, trying to pick a favorite memory for the year.  But it’s sooo hard to articulate
‘Cause it’s just the atmosphere in general and the discussions that happen without a pithy pull-quote, per se
Maybe the high-water mark in terms of actually objectively amazing things is in the past.
I mean, my first year attending, I was partying with Dan Kaminski.  Another year he gave me a high five.
And then he died.
I’ve loved these last two years just for the sheer mass of the corpus.  The cumulative sum of DaveCon-based encounters.
Each moment might be ostensibly mundane, but the experience overall is so much mind blowingly better than real life.
  
  



  



  



After the tacos, head to the airport.
Get rid of the bottled water, ‘cause I know they hate that.
But hey, maybe, I could just hold a bomb real quick.  (c.f. Hannibal Buress)
Why not show up early, as likely to find DC people there as anywhere else.
But I’m not sure I’m up to talking.
Wander, wander.


‘Cause of my stickers, shoe shine guy calls me out by name every time I wander past him
“Psst, I’m a Dave, too”


Sit at the bar.
OK, I’m in quiet mode, but the guy ordering a bloody mary next to me has an EFF shirt so I gotta ask.  “Have a good con?”
Turns out he’s kinda a big deal.
And no ego in the way of talking to a dilettante like me.
Turns out his name is Casey.  He’s an Australian with a doppelganger.
But it’s not me.  No.  It’s not.  Despite what you might have heard at Toxic BBQ.
He confirms other reports that B-Sides is the new DEF CON, but it’s not so easy to get into.
Uses it to help shift gears between Black Hat and DEF CON
Checkout a new framework from cult of the dead cow


Holy shit, Joe is on my flight, so I get a chance to catch up with him at the gate.
Why 2.1?
No real reason.  Aaron put a minor version on the 1.0 badge, so why not increment it.
Next year it’s gonna be 3.14  There will be pi(e).  Feed your inner Dave (with Dave)
  

On this flight I’m sitting next to the same guy I sat next to on the flight out.
Have a good con?  
No, no, he didn’t.  Personal problems.
So it’s another quiet flight.  Except…
Overheard from the row in front of me:  “IT guys just get your computer running.  He’s a full. stack. developer”
But she says it like it’s in the you-will-not-believe-this-could-exist department
Finished ‘Shit my Father Says’ now I’m reading Hugh Laurie’s Gun Seller
  

Wha, so she smells like chips and Calvados?


  



  

  

Yeah, I’m not @ 100% right now either, but I’m not doing too bad.  
At least we didn’t catch the covid this year
  



Where’s your baby dave?  Dave, where’s your baby?
  





Index
