Brewers Heritage Festival
Enter door.  Mobbed by dogs.
Nice wood floors, a place disheveled by movement, but kept pleasantly.
The air outside is skin temperature and stirs softly.
Dogs chewing sticks.
Tales hands me a Heineken.
I got my drinkin’ socks on.
The vent blows chilly up my Utilikilt.
“So, where’d you get that skirt?”  




It’s raining a little, we stop for smokes then procure entrance
We’ve hooked up with Tales’ friends.
The kilt count is up to four, including the guy who took a scan of my ticket.  “nice apparel”
We’re on the wrong half of the tent, too many IPAs
Hullos to Greg Huels.  Doin’ something later?
“We’ll see how coherent I am.”




Black is tasty for an IPA:  4.0
Grasscutter - flat, weak, but not too bad:  3.0
Repent - too much fruit in a Barleywine’s bite:  3.5




Voices start to blend together, become indistinct.
My mind wanders.
“He’s a lab mix” snachets of Portuguese.  Smell of cigars.
“Are you recording this whole conversation?”
We’re talking about dogs that could be cats.




Nickel of wood, dry and bitterness:  2.5
Ku’damn, a sour pee beer:  1.0




And then the storm rolls in and we abandon our table on the edge of the tent.
Lights go off.  The crowd cheers.  The guys go off to the edge for a smoke.
The volunteers have retreated to a back tent.  No one pours.
It’s close-knit life and restless noise and vibrant energy.
The crowd starts chanting “rain or shine”
Unruly, loud whistles.
Trench warfare.




“Are you a reporter or writing a diary?”
Something in between...




“I just realized I’m in the Bud line”  
Crowd chants:  “Pour more beer”  A loud cheer as the storm subsides.
I’m edged over enough to aim for Albino Pygmy Puma (too hoppy:  3.0)
Hail Mary.  Complex ambivalence.  Also, I need to piss:  3.0
We make a daring transfer to the second tent
The fabled promised land.
Porters and such.
Buffalo Brown:  3.0  




They are threatening to kick us out.  The night is beautiful and angry.
The tent is heavy with water and liability.
We exeunt and coordinate.  Make our way to Clayton.
It’s f’ing college-time here: too too many people in 12-bar shirts
Exasperating sameness and shit-eating grins
Waiting, waiting in the bar line a pink-collar’d polo bro asks:
“Are you writing about me?”
“No”
“Well, why not.  Am I not worthy?”




Tales is an upstanding gent.
Somewhere between the god Dionysus and the dinosaur Deinonychus.
And so this is the venue where Bud Light enters my spreadsheet:  2.0
No extra marks for getting me drunk first, Busch.
I’m at 175 rows now and have added ABV, IBU columns.




El Japa has gone to the alley to pee
Back on the scene is immaturity
Someone spills a swig; “it’s usually swankier than this”
Adam meets us at the Wheelhouse
A handshake intro with his girl
He is now across the street
At a classier joint
Sloshing with a wine crowd tonight
But then we spy him enter Pickleman’s
And I find myself with another Bud Light
Tasked with drinking too much
I am the paragon of inaction
Observing the parody of an archetype
In the corner I am asked to guard a purse
And I have an actually interesting conversation.
About writing, I guess it was.  I’ve pretty much forgotten.




My last note of the night is:
Accosted(?) by a peach top
No idea what she said or I did?
The handwriting is wide, wild and sloppy.




The subject of age comes up
In the vicinity of Taco Bell
I’m older than I look
And she is younger than my baby brother.
A timeless maturity, a youthful intensity.




Then we arrive at the house
I come up from a trip to the bathroom
To find T doubled over from a o’er heavy taste of Dave’s Insanity Hot Sauce
(Who would’ve thought someone named Dave could make something so hot?)




Bob, the angry bartender presides over shots of a nice Brazilian Rum (we invented it)
Tequila shows up too.
Head spins.
I fall asleep on couch.
