Friday


1800  Opening ceremonies.  
Archon Day declared by a droning business suit.  And then we accept the key to the city.  
“I thought we were a bunch of schmucks just having a good time.”
My arrival was hardly premeditated, but I saw the Mad Poet had a reading Friday night.
I could make it there after work, so last minute I crack my shell and show up.
Sign says no outside food or beverage, so a quick nip in my car.
Enter a delightful smattering of freaks and geeks.
Klingon, Deadpool, black angel wings.
Oooh, Brad.  He looks like Jim, but sounds like Mr. Moon who sounds like…
1900  Duck into Dead Wet Girls.  An examination of asian horror.
Beth Mohr and Meg O’ Connor.  We need a projector.  
Jay-lookin’ guy with a Labyrinthine shirt provides. 
I’m in the front row.  Small room.
“Being a woman can suck”
Hence the hauntings.
Guy next to me says “Nobody puts baby in a corner”
And I reply with “I carried a watermelon”
“But who was phone”
I add a few films to my Trello board.
2000  Then I head to Salon 6.  
Why did I write this down?  
Oh, yeah.  It’s Pokemon GO.
I’m sitting next to Chapman in Orange.
Looks like that’s her mom in a Red Shirt.
Valor hoodie says:  “I’m a culinary student.  Not a coder.”
And behind me that’s the Blues Brothers.  Or Blues Sisters.  IDK.
  

Caught a weedle and this guy during the talk.  Nothing exciting.


A touching story about an alcoholic that stopped drinking because of this game.
Other perks:  “Worshiping false gods” and “Cannibalism”
And now there’s a lure up.


2022  “You’re so purple.  I love it”
“Thank you”


2100  And I head to Joey Froehlich’s reading.  
“Are you 21?  Let me see your badge”
“I’m 35.”
“How old do you think I am?”
Beard of grey, I’m afraid to say.
“I’m 23”
Eyeballs for everyone.
It’s eyes by candlelight.  But he forgot the candelabras.
So it’s eyes by fluorescence.
  

  

  

And chocolate booze if you badge doesn’t say “I am a minor”
Busch Light on the table and so much fun.
Poems read from yellow legal pad pages.
Poems without titles.
“I plan to die.  I don’t know what you plan to do…”
  

Ten year old Trudy steals the show wearing a cat mask, reading five chapters of a cat story.  
“She’s cuter than me”  Answering the question: Why don’t girl cats do chores?
Little Ashton runs around, full of energy, poppin’ my bubbles.
The audience is small, but he’s glad to engage us.
2119  The Flask arrives.  It’s Kentucky bourbon.
Beatles logo and engraved with:  Mad Poet
“I was drunk as hell when I wrote this…”
It’s a strong drink.  Take small swigs.
“I don’t want to be a tortured soul.”
90 proof.


One of my favorite poems of his:
BLOOD AT THE CIRCUS
And she caught my eye.
Luckily she threw it back.
But I don’t
Know why


  

She’s dressed like a Greek goddess.  And her name somehow eludes me.  
Something like Amarita, or amarillo.  That golden color.  
Sometimes life needs subtitles.
[Amoreena]
 
  

There’s a kid here eating a sandwich.
He doesn’t get any alcohol, but he gets eyes.  Has a good time.


Joyously, Joey remembers me and our first meeting, 5 years ago.  Archon 35
And he remembers the drinking game.  Aye, every time he says “eye”
We had a circular table then.


Our time is up, we have to relinquish the room.
But the party doesn’t have to end.


I’m blasting her Jams on my phone.  Destiny’s Child, Rihanna.
And then I play Dropkick Murphy’s Rose Tattoo for myself.
Walking along and head to room 111 with Ken, grey hair in a Red Dwarf shirt that’s known Joey for years.
  

This cooler has been signed by Chewbacca.
And Joey has stepped on the feet of Larry Niven.
  

Smoked gouda.  We’re eating fancy cheese.
It’s getting late.  I need to drive home.
I promise to show up tomorrow.
“You’re family now”
Saturday


  

1200  Stranger Things
A feeling like I’m home.
One guy on stage pontificates.
Wearing a bug-eyed gnome shirt.
Comparing the Demogorgon to the Thesselhydra.
I send a text to my mother, who also binge watched the show.
Clockwork Orange droogs and Fallout in the parking lot.  Squirrel Girl.


1300  Astronomy
Supermassive black holes.
“‘Everybody knows’ is such a bad phrase”
Rather than describing it as “light cannot escape” we’d rather say “the trajectory of light is a loop”
A question on dark matter and energy.  “We’re in the 4%, well 4.9 but who’s counting?”
You are information and would be obliterated before entering a wormhole.
Time gets stretched and squished and wibbly wobbly
Jon is honor bound to call Pluto a planet since he graduated from the same university as the guy who discovered it.


1400  Warm fall day, the sky is a beautiful sort of tumultuous mass.
Patches of blue as I walk to Arby’s
Where it’s still nerd central.
  



1500  Joey Froehlich on a panel about selling short stories so I head to Marquette B.
He starts by talking about murder and pumpkins.  And later, about the editors he’s spilt beer on.
It’s not always a bad thing. 
“Write because you love to write”


2100  Trudy is losing her tooth.  It’s nearly time for the string and the doorknob.
Ashton, the little scamp, seems fond of me, but maybe it’s just a love of novelty.
Pick up the sword (he orders me) bouncing around with boundless energy
He’s wearing batman underoos, but has the wherewithal to contest Joey’s assertion that the closet is the batcave.
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet’s heart, 
   Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?   ~Poe




  

  

Drinking free beer and enjoying the snacks provided by Ken.  He drives these around.
He’s come back from the masquerade, dressed in a Star Trek uniform.  And his daughter is Fiona from Shrek.
  



  



  

The Rick and Morty assemblage take a group photo.


Must read:  Flowers of Evil by Charles Baudelaire
Must watch:  Houseguest with Phil Hartman
and Amazon Women of the Moon with Ed Begley Jr


The dance party starts up across the hall.
I wander around, in and out.
And then head home.
Order a copy of The Fuel of Tender Years.
Next year I’ll get it signed.
