Steve graciously plays the game of D&D
That is to say, the role of designated driver
Lee didn’t technically use the word “swagger”
But Steve assures me that the intent is accurate
It’s early yet.  Yes, technically it may have started
But there are only smatterings of people at the pool
Steve gets his backpack searched twice on the way in
Flippers, goggles, towel, etc.  He’s come prepared to swim
We go back to the car to trade the back pack for a CVS grocery bag
Trust that you won’t need flippers.


I feel oddly like an Adonis on the casino floor
Surrounded by packs of mutant monstrosities that are pure midwestern greed and gluttony
And I feel like a leper by the pool
“Are you gonna take notes on the bro ratio?”
Of men wrapped in muscles that look like a caricature 
Missing only the syringe of steroids accessory 
I get injection site sympathy itches 
Feeling like an alien outsider
“The more I’m here, the more this looks like a gay bar”
There’s a whole lot of hotties and I feel like I’ve stepped into somewhere I shouldn’t be.
The sort of beauty that exudes porcelain fragility and capricious contempt
They’re going to kick me and the rest of the old creepers off of the set.
I’m ugly, but invisible.  They can just photoshop me out.
Yeah, I remember it roughly like that


But then we make our way to the back
Tales is cool but nice
“But?”  
Yeah, cool people are usually pricks.  But he’s really nice.
And some of his American friends look like geeks like us.
But his Brazilian friends look better.
The girls entreat him to dance.  We need El Japa to dance.
And we get caught in the wake.
Color, color everywhere.  Lights and noise.
They play some Intergalactic, Beastie Boys  “That’s our generation”
“The cool thing about techno is you dance however you want and nobody gives a fuck”
Tales buys a round of Tequila shots.  Tequila tastes like trouble.
“No.  It is trouble”


Sitting with a gorgeous view of the river.  
Somehow we get to the subject of Andrew Jackson Jihad
“It combines my two loves: folk music and eating people”
The song I have stuck in my head is Alcohol


Every time we come back we have to show ID.  This guy knows me, but this one...
I have to recite my birthdate and my address
1003 some French word I can’t pronounce


I’m drunk and talking IT with someone who was El Japa’s roommate 
(Don’t call him Tales, I wouldn’t know who you’re talking about)
A portrait of Steve, the proud Odysseus and the three sirens
“I’m sorry.  We’re not really good conversationalists.”
“Tales has a lot of potential, you should give him an upgrade
No, wait.  What’s the word I’m looking for?”
Promotion
High five


Text from Tales the next morning:
“Sorry if i did some bad!
Cant rly remember...”[a]
[a]LOL, good think you had my back and now I can remember some... oh wait nvm... 
Just kidding fun nights man!
