Schlafly
Dad's shirt is wrinkly so I pull out my iron.
2 iron.  A golf club.
How do I fashion?


Drive down to the sunrise cafe for breakfast.
Hey grandpa, can we have your coat?
This place needs to dust their grass.


On the way to 370 Lakeside Park
Gave her last two dollars to the track car wash
They reacted like they've never seen such bounty.


  



I don't understand how you can say that this is the worst campground you've ever seen.
I mean, they have a lake.
They have bow fishing in that lake for Pete's sake.


  



Mother informs me that a kilt is not proper attire for a Brazilian festival.
We need to buy this boy some shorts.  Stat.
I'm sorry.  I'm afraid that I don't understand what you're saying.
How do I fashion?


It's a small shindig in a parking lot.  We don't linger long.


  



  

I swear to God they just had a squirrel on that stage.


  





Down the road a little bit to Schlafly, the independent art festival.
En route we're talking with a nice old lady about a puppet show.
Starting with a can of Black Lager. 
Tastes like a brown ale to me.  3.0  Ma has a taste: "tastes like tar to me"
Their Oktoberfest and Summer Lager offerings fare better.  4.0
I ordered Pretzel-Encrusted Chicken. 
They just gave me a pretzel.


We catch the tail end of the corn shuckin' song
And then one on animal husbandry



We return to home base to formulate a plan.
On our way downtown we spy a Ferris wheel.
And thereby find ourselves at Manchester's homecoming.


An old grey beard that works here closely follows this woman.
Says to us in a stage whisper: "She doesn't know I'm behind her"
She jumps with an "Oh my god!"


  



A band with brass and a stage that's decked out like Enchantment Under the Sea dance.
Does this look like a band that has Bad Romance, California Girls, Funky Cold Medina in their setlist?
No.


Down to Creve Coeur for a walk.
The "W" in Grand View Apartments is missing.
C'est la vie


The Big Bang.
Dueling Pianos.
Their last night.  Out with a bang.
  



  

Well, something more cosmological and less lascivious.
