Wednesday        2
Thursday        13
Friday        29
Saturday        52
Sunday        77
Monday        99




Lay gear on the table and organize.  Packing my old trusty backpack.
Last minute attempt to fix the zipper with glue just made things worse.
So now I lock it.  They’ll never guess the combination on my luggage 
  

One more meeting before I'm free: supporting Windows
My mind drifts out the window
Update slack status
  



Beep beep beep. My UPS dies near the end of the day.  Throws a chirping hiss fit. 
Guess I’ll be leaving a little earlier than I had intended.


Wednesday
Chapter of Hydrogen
In which our hero departs his home and journeys to a fantastic land


0055  Txt from Ryan:  “I am at Kyle’s…”
Cool.  ‘Til now I didn’t know if he would show up this year.


Riding shuttle.
Little kid asks “What's that for?”
Father answers: “That's so you can kick out the window.”
“You can kick out the window!?”
“Only in an emergency”


Security is particularly chill today.
Keep your shoes on, keep everything packed.
Chatty lady checking IDs has commentary on everyone
Tells one girl:  “Ooh, I love what you've done with your hair”
Not a fan of mustaches “Almost didn't recognize you”
To me she just says: “Yup, that's you, Mr. Burnet”


  

0800 airport is crowded. I'm seeking a quiet corner
Plug in my phone and watch people pass by
Roller bag tells the shoe shine guy:
“Man, I had y'all in my plan today! [mumble, mumble] TSA”


Full flight and I'm in the middle of the B boarding group, but I manage to grab a seat in the 3rd row.
David, tasked with giving us our briefing, is a cut-up. He starts by calling the city “Lost Wages”
“If you're unable to perform the function or if you just don't give a function”
“If you have a lap-child, make sure that child is on your lap”
In between cringes I find it positively delightful
They're searching the plane for a final seat.
Instead, the passenger will be taking a later flight.
She's exceedingly reasonable “It's OK I won't cause trouble”
Listening to Rooster Teeth and Warp World podcasts.  Jaku is talking about AI.
Back to reading Umberto Eco.  Eye glasses, much like friendship, seem to operate like magic


Chapter of Helium
In which our hero pledges himself to the pursuit of tacos


Waiting for my ride with vigilance.
Ryan's beard appears.
Minor startle event.
He's really upped his hobo game.


Accompanying him: Kyle and a stranger.
I'm sure someone will tell me her name eventually.
Listening to Kompressor in the kar. We drive to Rubio's for tacos.


I'm making a note of this:
Kyle had one year to do it, but failed to scout Tacos El Gordo.
A whole year, Kyle. You had one job. One job.
And that job involved eating tacos.
I'm not mad. Just disappointed.
Alright, hear me out.  I’m thinking at least fifty percent of my meals this trip should be taco-based.
Pro tip: carry some tortillas and you can have a taco for every meal.
Taco status: 1/1 (100%)


  

Kyle's nausea index is off the charts.
We're currently blaming Ryan's erratic driving.
But there are other variables that will need to be eliminated through controlled experimentation.


  

Every action the cashier takes is punctuated by the phrase “Sorry, it's my first day”


Discussing the definition of car.
With Ryan around things tend towards the pedantic, semantic, ontological.
Usually interesting, but unnecessarily adversarial.


Kyle fills us in on recent interactions of a romantic nature.
The first date was postponed by a SWAT team. And then it got weird.
“But I don't want to get in the wheelchair...”


Next on the agenda is picking up supplies.
Kyle says Lee's is just over there.
What do they sell?
It's a liquor store.
Ah, so he's cracked the code.  Supplies means booze.
  

Hey Dave, want another Grandma in a jar?
No thanks, Laverne in a film canister is enough for me.


Helping Kyle choose a wine for his next date.
Something not too cheap. Boxes can come later.
Not too expensive. She doesn't have the most discerning of palates.
Our judgement is based primarily on the appropriateness of the wine’s label.
Ditka for an opener. She's a fan of football and not the Packers
And Cupcakes for the second.  She likes cupcakes.


Chapter of Lithium
In which our hero fails to become a high roller


In-N-Out for a burger.
Two consecutive meals in such short succession.  
This almost meets the criteria for the second meaning of “pulling a Jonas”
Taco status: 1/2 (50%)


  

We stumble upon this establishment and take a look.
  

Buy Caesar's Palace for Nintendo and Super Nintendo.
Ryan, the quintessence of maturity, claims the name “poop”
Append a unique integer every time we create a new account, with 42 in place of 4.
Eventually we start recording the password instead of creating new accounts.
Trying to suss out how our name and wealth are encoded in the password.
  
  

Looks like F911 is part of the poop7 family name.
With a name like that, you'd think we'd be better at craps.
“Always bet on black” makes for a cool motto, but it’s not sound financial advice.
Four reds in a row. Bet it all. Let it ride.
The rules of red dog appear to be:
Dealer puts down two cards and points a finger at you.
Then he puts down a 3rd card and takes your money.
Interesting.
We have more than a hundred grand now, it's insane that we're still not recognized as a high roller
With 500 dollar chips, our most outrageous behaviors have become a tedious chore.
Now that we've got gambling out of our system and the layout memorized, we head to the real-life Casino.


Chapter of Beryllium
In which our hero settles into a new home


~1700 Check into our room. This doesn't smell like our floor (c.f. DC24)
Recreational weed is legal here now, but lacking supply owing to transport politics.
View from the room:
  

Do you think someone will set their pants on fire? (c.f. DC16)
  

  

Pitbull seems subtly disappointed by our selection of drinks.


~1900 Scoping out the con area.
A goon waves me over, loves my shirt, hands us stickers.  
  

Ah yes, I've been needing a couple of these.


~2000 Back up to the room, relax with a couple of drinks.
One round of shots of fancy Japanese whiskey. Kanpai!
Is it merely psychosomatic or has it a real hint of sake?
  



Thursday
Chapter of Boron
In which our hero acquires an artifact of great power


0640 start heading to registration
0646 we've reached the start to linecon
It has been a wild ride and now we’re nearing the end of it.
“Hey guys” goon points to his chest. “The badges were in here the whole time.  They were a metaphor.”
0728 I have badge.  Like a literal, physical badge.
  

Handy to have my handle written on my badge.  
“How do you pronounce that?”
It's episkipoe.


  

It has already begun, the googly eye-ification 


  

0840 catty corner to CVS for supplies that are not booze.
I ask the guy if they have any tortillas.
“Best I can do is a bagel.”
I buy a wrap.
Taco status: 2/3 (66%)


Technically still pre-con, but crowded AF.  It's escalators, not elevators that we need to contend with this time.
They occasionally become stairs.
  

  

I was led to believe this was impossible.


Goons play the role of traffic wardens.
Constant yelling is necessary to keep bodies from piling up.
Somebody needs to teach those kids to fear and respect that escalator


  

Maybe it’ll snow today.  Good thing I packed a jacket.


Call Mother to offer Birthday wishes.


Chapter of Carbon
In which our hero engages in additional encounters 


1420  Find Jaku, high five.
We're looking for the contest area.
It's pool level, but this isn't hackers. It's not on the roof.
We bravely trek through the outside. The sun is a deadly lazer.


Not much going on right now, duck into SE village.
Picking locks and jumping through lasers. Jiminy Cricket is first up.
Every seat is occupied; walking out the door I see there's now a long line.
Looking for familiar faces in the crowd. So many strangers. Encounters in the chillout area:
Quick hello to Kamikazee Joe. We live in the same city, but only see each other at cons.  I need to get back into 2600.
Gray Raven from PhreakNIC 20. The other guy at the table is passionate about network segmentation


  



1550  Ryan tells a fantastic tale of fish on the far side of the world.
Past Atlantis and many many wondrous things.
I'm skeptical.


1730  It's early yet, so we can still afford to go off-site.
So we walk to secret pizza.
Taco status: 2/4 (50%)


Chapter of Nitrogen
In which our hero acquires a bonafide tinfoil hat


  
  

Random elevator conversation. If you're looking for something to do, head up to 6769


She looks vaguely familiar.  Asks me: “Do I recognize you? Are you from MIT?”
It isn't until later I see her in the hall next to a supernova of hair that I realize that I met her last year in the pickle room.


Introduce myself to a young man in a blue tinfoil hat shirt
Hoping to learn what it's all about. Security for webapps. Something to follow-up on.
Talking about travel and expanding borders.
I talk about crashing with strangers during DC14
It's my understanding that sort of thing was unexceptional during the cons before my time
But does seem an unattainable goal in its current state
He moved from the east coast to the west but hasn't left North America yet.
And while I cherish my notes and memories I’d give so much to be where he is now
With so much to look forward to with fresh eyes


The NES cartridge in my pocket leads to a discussion on chiptunes, circuit bending, and musical disk drives
Some people have an insane amount of dedication to their craft


It's loud and strains my voice.
Keeping up a conversation strains my brain.
I'm drinking a Smirnoff ice and spend an hour talking.
Pork pie hat sheds a layer, too many bodies in here the AC can't keep up.
So much substrate, so many strangers.  So much hanging on the opening salvos.
Too easy for a conversation to be a short-lived, inconsequential one-off 
Random kid pokes his head out of a door across the hallway.
“Is this DEF CON?”
Yeah.


  



Chapter of Oxygen
I which our hero continues the search for tortillas


  

Head to the music in Track 1. Powerful sound system, bright lights
Like only 2 people put the D in EDM. It's still early, I guess


  

“I see this guy's come prepared” he points vaguely towards my crotch.
I assume he's talking about my spork. Or assumes my USB/bottle opener is filled with sweet hax.
This person has already lost their voice.  Not surprising given the crazy ranting we overheard.


  
  

The usual art in the chillout area.


  

I head outside, still on the hunt for tortillas. Perpetual party spills out onto the street.
Walk past police, a pirate, a woman about to pass out, people taking pictures.
Shake my head no to the dude offering to hook me up with weed or coke.
Five feet later I regret not asking him for a tortilla hook-up.


Sandwich board reads: “Strip club: It is unavoidable, it is your destiny” And a picture of the emperor. 
Guy standing next to me says “Maybe my English is bad, but I don't get it.”
Apparently, he thought that the image portrayed yoda.
Yeah, that's actually kinda understandable.
He looks a bit diminutive there.
It’s dark.


Chapter of Fluorine
In which our hero our hero is seduced by a Siren’s song


Back to Track 1, the crowd has grown and some of these cats can dance.
Others lay on the floor to maximize the shaking of ribs
This music is addictive, I don't want to leave.  The shadows of my hand on the paper fascinate me.
Tarantula starts. One of my favorite finds from an earlier DEF CON music CD


  

My semi-innocent thought it was a tent, that you'd tie the fabric to the metal
But then there's a performer in a pac man unitard.
(c.f. Ryan’s pac man beltbuckle.  And a stripper/co-worker telling him:  “I used to think you were cool”)


  
  

Swag and a fist bump from that hat man.
I wish I'd remembered to bring my PhreakNIC stickers.


Chapter of Neon
In which our hero acquires a staff of light


A departing Asian man with a big grin hands the baton to me
  



Tired, but I feel the need to make it to at least 2 am (4 Central 9 Zulu) 


  

Another con, another step record broken
But I still haven't recorded a marathon's worth in a day.


Friday
Chapter of Sodium
In which our hero is reunited with a fellow adventurer


Now on the other side of midnight.
Many more prostitutes in this venue.
“Where you headed, baby?”
I just shrug.
“Where are you staying?”
Walk away
Wander back to Track 1
Claudus finds me there. We walk away from the noise.
He hands me the cypher and invite cards for the Illuminati party.
QP2# appears twice, so it's a simple substitution cypher. In fact it's just ROT13.
Any crypto geek worth a pinch of salt should be able read it as naturally as they would the plaintext.
Unfortunately, that's not me, so I'll just type it in and have a machine decrypt it.
  

Raitlin's Challenge DC25 


The First team to complete 
the challenge will receive 
an invitation to the IP 
DC26 Hospitality Suite.  


Decode the message below 
to begin.  Good luck!


The message decodes to a url where the real challenges begin:
http://dc25.minervallux.com/challenge/


Chapter of Magnesium
In which our hero acquires another t-shirt of power


Sitting in the hall, a goon asks if it's my first year.
I answer that it's my 11th
Well, that has two ones in it, so it is good enough. Follow me.  You look like a medium.
We ascend the Palace tower and he hands me a t-shirt. “Will you wear it?”
Later realizing I had an off-by-one error. It's actually my 12th
  



0220 Heading up to bed
Girl in the elevator has a shirt with a NES controller.
I show her my cartridge.
She's on a CTF team, says the architecture is insane.
Yeah, I heard last year that they'd be rolling out something unique and diabolical, I'll have to check out the details.


  



Chapter of Aluminum
In which our hero journeys to the far side of the world


  

  

Ryan's legend of Atlantis was no lie.
There’s fish in a tank.  Rays, sharks.


My second off-by-one error, I thought that Andre would be a civilian this year
But he and the guy that gave me the t-shirt I'm wearing are the goon gatekeepers for Track 3


Chapter of Silicon
In which a chessman talks about machines


I think it was No Such Thing as a Fish that told me that many top-rated chess players are single-purpose machines, with no room in their brain for anything else, but Garry Kasparov is actually a quite generally intelligent person.
We applaud as he and his entourage takes the stage.  Goon on the mike: “Shut up. We haven't even started yet”
  

He's a new speaker so he has to take a shot.
“I have my own booze” but we insist the best vodka comes from Texas
But of course he knows this since he was born and raised in the deep south, near Georgia.
Deep Blue is now making Sushi in the Jet Blue terminal at JFK  “I love sushi, but do not eat there”
Apparently, the chess app on your phone is smarter than Deep Blue was.
“Machines are coming after people with college degrees and twitter accounts. 
I think it's happening not too fast but too slow.”
Currently, man working with AI is better than either alone.
But you need a good interface and for the human to work with the machine
Weaker chess players will win against stronger ones when machines assistance is employed, 
since the latter tend to use more of their own judgment and less of the machines’
Deep Blue basically just used brute force, Watson is still a transition and “not AI”
The goalpost keeps moving, as we develop more and more sophisticated systems
And learn more about the system that is our own brain.
Usually the goal of the machines we build is not a generalized intelligence, but rather a specialized solution finding machine. I don't think that these sorts of projects carry significant risk to us as a species.
There are people that will continue to work on implementing generalized intelligence and just like the genetic talk that will come later, an individual could perhaps intentionally weaponize this, I don't think there's significant risk of it accidentally resulting in a nightmare scenario.
“Never tell me the odds”  He does a little impression of C3PO when talking about Star Wars.
He ends on a positive note, terminator movies.  A human, working with an intelligent machine, to defeat other machines.
Maybe it's only because I'm not likely to live long enough to see it, but I'm not at all worried about the scenario in which man's intelligence only holds back an intelligent machine and we become superfluous.


With Victoria around I find that Ryan spends a lot less time poking me


Chapter of Phosphorus
In which our hero eats more tacos 


1051 first visit to the vendor area. Crowded. Got a “Hey, nice shirt” from someone wearing the same.
Shambling horde. “Please continue walking. We don't want to piss off the fire marshall even more”


  

1135 Steak tacos at La Gloria (on-site)
Taco status: 3/5 (60%)


1237 We head to the hardware hacking village and say hi to fun-sized.


  





Chapter of Sulphur
In which our hero encounters a band of rowdy pirates


Tommy D exhorts us to find the Whiskey Pirate crew.
Hacking XBAND,something about  a pay phone.
Their website has the room number.
  

As far as DEFCON challenges go, this was an easy one.
  

The door is open so we enter the room. A payphone is there.
But no one in the room knows Tommy D and they chase us out.
That's weird. I thought everyone knew Tommy D. He's a hub of a person.
Ah, turns out we need to use his handle. He gives us some names to drop and we return.
Geoff is pronounced Jeff (not Gee Off). As you might expect, in this case, it's not just his handle, it's also his real name.


  
  



Tommy D spends all his time hiring and delegating.
A real shame to take such a brilliant mind away from the tech. Let the suits handle people.
He was supposed to present this project this year, but that got wrapped up in legal bullshit.


Chapter of Chlorine
In which safes are secrets are kept while safes are cracked 


Wandering, sitting, wondering how long it'll take for someone to pick up the CAH card that the guy with the slick smile tossed out.
Not long. Someone grabbed it, walked away 10 feet, came back and discussed it.
After a little while he tosses one my way.
Top Secret.
  

  

Safe cracking robot in the Chillout area
Exploiting details of manufacturing to solve it in less than brute force time


Chapter of Argon
In which our noble hero administrates a voting machine


Iterating over rooms.
Talks emptying creates another temporary deadlock.
At the tinfoil hat competition table you’re only allowed to take two sheets.
This fellow here exhorts me to donate my allocation.
No problem, pal.


1728 Eating some sub-standard Pad Thai.
Taco status: 3/6 (50%)


Weird noises in the elevators.  Me and three girls. 
As we exit one says to me: “It was nice living through that with you”


Up to the room for another little rest.  Ryan is watching Tom Cruise drive a car
I head back down with a Piraat
“Where are you going?”
“It doesn't matter.”


  
  

Stop by the voting machine village.
This guy explains how they got to the admin screen.  We explore and speculate.


Chapter of Potassium
In which our hero witnesses a situation of dire jeopardy


  
  

True to tradition, Ryan is Kevin once again.


  

Time for Hacker Jeopardy, DFIU. Drop caffeine and L theanine
2008 the doors open to applause
Cheer on the guy blowing up the beach ball.
Unsubtle innuendo. “They love their balls”
The projector got hit.


  

First category: balls deep
Q1: What is Deep Blue?
  

  

Little kid playing with this ball, crude artwork on the other side.  Now, that’s just not right.


Chapter of Calcium
In which our hero does dancing


2112 We duck out at half-time to catch Richard Cheese in the Chillout area
Then Track 1 for Dual Core, MC Frontalot, YT Cracker
Brief hollar'd discussion with the girl in the DNA earrings
Enjoying myself in the front row, then I peel off to the fringes
Sitting in the smell of weed
  
  

    

Saturday
It's just after midnight now
Reel Big Fish takes the stage.  I start wandering the crowd again.
This guy has decided that I'm the one. Whatever the hell he means by that.
Oh no! I'm fading kinda fast.  Needed more naps, but it's hard to stay down when everything is abuzz.
The band keeps teasing us with their number one song from the 90's. Playing a few bars each of covers.
I love this music, the nostalgia, I can't leave, but I'm considering that perhaps the only way to last late into tomorrow night is to cut this one short. 
At 1am my phone's battery is at 35% my body's at epsilon.  It starts to hurt to move.
Run into the friendly chill dude with mutton chops.
We are face-familiar, but our encounters seem to be each time entangled with noise and intoxication.
We re-exchange contact info.


Chapter of Scandium
In which the party simply can not be contained


Taking the escalator down, seriously considering calling it a night.
But as we near the bottom of the escalator the DC949 guerrilla party is heading up.
Chanting “One of us! One of us!”
So of course we pull a U-turn, follow the backpacked pied pipers.
No corporate sponsor for this party. Reciting from the hacker's manifesto.
We don't judge based on race, religion, creed, gender, sexual preference, etc.  It's a meritocracy. 
“They don't like us. They want us to party in rooms”
“Always forward, never backwards”
“Hack harder.”
  
  

RIP Rance, I'd only spoken with him a few times, but he was an entertaining guy, a huge presence.
A shame he never had a chance to grow old.


  

People are testing every door we come across.  A tactless broad scan, a war dial.  We end up in dispatch.
Oddly, the lobby of the women's restroom in this venue is not nearly as nice as the one in Paris (c.f. DC24).
Party for a bit with the voting machines.
Various goons and hotel staff watch us march by.
I'm wrapped up in the dance but I imagine that I can interpret their reactions.
Some subtle glowering, some amusement, though it really mostly just looks like indifference.
I'm unaccustomed to such debauchery, but I guess as far as it goes this is quite tame.
We're all just wearing street clothes, the music isn't obscene.
  

Swept away in a mob-like environment, but we retain some semblance of sanity.
The crowd is in charge, people take turns steering the ship.
“We're going where this guy says”
“To the pool!”
A voice of reason interjects: “Pool's closed”
“Pool's on the roof!”
We'll just go this way.


0250 near the food court, cheering as we pass a small group that includes Claudus.
Like a mother hen and ducklings, we’re led to the bar to hydrate.  
Ryan hands out another round of Lifesavers.
Events like this are a catalyst, a means to find friends and lose fear.


Chapter of Titanium
In which there are genetics and golfs


Get into a conversation about Watson and genomic research.
The guy I'm talking to looks like he'd make a good mad scientist.
I echo the optimism of Kasparov.
Yeah, it can go wrong, it can be used for evil, but so can every other tool we've made.
We don't ban fire, we ban arson.
He hands me a business card with a hashbang
Maybe I'm dense, but this doesn't look like a unique identifier
It just looks like the start of every script


  



Back to the lobby, stop at another bar.
I donate the rest of my gin & tonic to Joy/Evil
Including the bottle that has the sticker “DISOBEY”
She's had a hard time on the planet this year.  Breaks my heart to see the world rough up someone so kind


Chapter of Vanadium
In which the party is put to an abrupt end


Back to the con area.  Near the contest room we are exorcised by Priest.  Stern, but not unkind.
I may have missed or misread reactions. Turns out our trespassing has really pissed off some people.
And I'm not clear on the details, but it's possible someone disrobed in the voting machine village.
“I recommend you pretend this never happened”
I'm happy to apologize, accept clemency, and head to bed.
Hours ago I was ready to fall asleep and caffeine would have just made my body a painful puppet
Adrenaline and interest are much more effective in keeping me awake.
I'm still ready for more.


0315 and achieved my active minutes goal.


Sleep, wake, wander.
Re-enter low-powered mode, catch a talk on steganography in the room.


1143 Smashburger
Taco status 3/7 (43%!)


Someone I don't recognize says to me:
“I remember you from last year. You were part of something”


Human pyramid near the Scavenger hunt.
Tail end of Beard & Mustache competition.
Jack Daniels' standup routine. Age-appropriate pick-up lines.
“And the one that gets the worst results: Do you have a daughter?”


  

45 pounds and ~6,000 dollars of equipment strapped to his back.
Pineapple porcupine capturing packets
It'll be interesting to see the results


Dead Addict rides by in his scooter. That's doing it right, my legs aren't far from going out.


Chapter of Chromium
In which our hero examines stickers and eyes


  

  

  

  

Hackers love stickers.
Mixed feelings when I look at this.  It's graffiti: art and vandalism.
Beautiful in some respects.  But also a small, but unnecessary strain on our relationship with the venue.
  

  

  

  

I'm generally unimpressed with googly eyes when put on a face that's already goofy.
I love the sweet sour mix when they interact positively with an otherwise austere visage.
But if what I've heard is correct, these statues were originally painted in ostentatious, gaudy colors.
So I wouldn't be all that surprised to learn that the googly eyes are historically accurate.
  

This sticker not so much.


Chapter of Manganese
In which mead is imbibed and shots are fired


  

~1700 head upstairs, pop the mead.
Desire tastes like berries. Slightly curranty 
Fling tastes exactly like strawberry jam.
Discussing production, prices, and general economics.
Warning: adult content [like mortgages and investments]
Put on the talk on popping a smart gun.
Stop Yosemite Samming up the room.
Once again, the solution is magnets.


1823 Back to La Gloria. Beef burrito counts as a taco, BTW
Taco status: 4/8 (50%)


Chapter of Iron
In which things are once again fucked up


Waiting in line for Hacker Jeopardy.
Cheering every time one gets stuck, but also chanting “You fucked it up”
2010 chanting let us in, let us in.  We managed to dislodge one, but now we're out of balls.
  



Someone told me you sound like an owl.
Who?


  

Paper airplanes requesting nudes.
Ah, so that’s how they did it in the olden days.
Sitting through more minutes of technical difficulties.
One of the big balls knocked it off target and there's only so much we can do remotely to rectify that.
  



And now all the teams have negative points.


Category: full frontal
First answer is David.


Chapter of Cobalt
In which worldly secrets are revealed


Afterwards we head to Illuminati.
Get in line, have your ID out.


In the kitchen we're cracking code and scrounging drinks.
Someone walked off with the bottle of Absolut that this guy generously offered to share.
He got to talking with a pair of beautiful women, took them back to his room.
Realized early on that they were prostitutes, played war [the card game] with them.
Made sure they kept their clothes on. They left a bit miffed at the wasting of their time.
  



  

Turns out that Claudus won the beard and mustache competition.
How much food gets stuck in that mustache?
All of it. Soup is the worst.


Ryan introduced himself to another Ryan using the name Dave.
So I can't be Dave. I just hold up my badge.


Chapter of Nickel
In which our hero pays tribute 


2318 We leave Caesar's palace and head to the Bellagio for the Cesar party.
  

Down the elevator in two shifts.  The ceiling is dripping.  Pool on the roof must have a leak.


Looking for room 33606.
The elevators need a room key to operate and they only go to your floor.
We managed to piggy back up a few floors.
We hear stairs may circumvent this, but turns out we're in the wrong tower.
Security points us in the right direction.
The elevator man asks which party we're going to and uses root access to get us to the right floor.
There's an extra guy in here. Any of you know him?
No.
He’s got an EFF shirt on.  He’s cool.
Huge room, swankified. It has a water feature.
There's an open window. Apparently, that's how you get bats. Like, literally bats.


“I need an experienced drinker to taste this”
I step up to the plate.
It's mostly cranberry juice.  Probably vodka, can't taste any alcohol.  
It's probably quite dangerous, given how generous Ryan's bourbon pour was.
He points out that they don't just hire midget bartenders, there's a step down to where they are.


Our host gives a speech.
We are in the days of the French Revolution.
Five companies that run the world: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft.
It's your job to dismantle them. [And fuck Oracle, the crowd implores]
Paper and markers have been supplied for the development of protocol schema and propaganda.
You've solved the puzzle or made friends or social’d your way in here.  “Make each other better tonight”
The party feels elite in the traditional sense of the word, the way we used it before 1337 became a trite thing.
But it really does feel like the goal is cross-pollination of ideas (as opposed to exacerbation of striation)
This is a fantastic space. Plenty of people, but it doesn't feel crowded.
Nerd celebrities here (like G Mark, Winn, and Kaminsky)
Not too loud, people can hear me and I'm not yelling.
  

  

  



Agile may be good for software, but apparently two week sprints can suck when doing hardware.
Talking with two dudes from Seattle, DocuSign
I'm paying attention to the content, sure
But also observing the subtext
Conversation is an organic thing. And I'm terrible at keeping things alive.
For example, I cannot feign interest. And as much as a polymath I want to be, my interests aren't infinite.
So I tend to mute or duck out of anything that bores me. ADD at play.
But I'm always looking for my next fix, the next burst of sweet, sweet content.
So I cast a wide net with questions. What do you do, where do you do it?
Pull it in directions I want it to go. Drop it if there's any opposition.
Some people love to pontificate. Are immune to the rolled eye.
But I already know everything that I would want to naturally say.
I want to learn how to even more effectively use words to get people to say things that I want to learn.
To get them to pull thoughts from me that I didn't know that I had.
We can’t be constantly conscious of everything accessible by the complex mechanisms of our associative memory.
Another lull so I bump into a known quantity, Claudus.
Like a Newton's cradle he introduces me to the person he was talking to and bounces off.
And it's there standing that I have an absolutely amazing conversation.
Admitting alcohol had put my brain in a state of lowered standards
But I really wish I had a recording. I wrote nothing in the midst; I was fully engaged
As my mind was given a feast of excessive decadence. Every neuron firing in turn in an attempt to keep up.
I know my opening gambit was bioinformatics. It almost always is.
And his counter was an interesting and insightful question. I can't remember the particulars of it.
We bounced around AI and infection models. But also so many other related things.
I remember a mundane fact, Houston. And talking about Austin.
The consequences of the concept of emergent intelligence.
Just listen to that noise. Pause.
Many facilitate [playing the role of interneurons]
Some people primarily observe [academic / input neuron]
Some act lacking wise judgment [script kiddy / motor neuron].
Not to get too philosophical, but we do touch on the why of things.
I have a lot to say on that, but it's something I need time to articulate.
Our unbroken chain of life, the nature of causality, the role of predictive AI.
A mounting hoarseness and a feeling of finding a kindred spirit. We exchange cards.
Seriously, it's exactly shit like this that makes me view the con as an investment, not a sunk cost.
He's not the first person to tell me that they feel like the least intelligent person in the room.
That's the sort of thing you need to pursue to become a better and better person.
He leaves for liquid refreshment and I guard Claudus' vestments


  

Sunday
0130 Victoria heads for bed


Chapter of Copper
In which the problems of the world are not yet solved


The next guy notes that I'm observing.
He is this party embodied
“What do you do, day-to-day?”
Answers with a laugh “Whatever I want”
He's the sort of person that works with people more than tech it seems, but he is sharp, driven. I get the feeling that he knows his shit.


Ryan finds me; we'll go halvsies on a drink.
I wait around a while more and head off in pursuit.
He's enmeshed in discussion with the roommate of Nox.
“Tell him what you do in better words than I have for it.”
Tall guy, wild eyes. He works in biotech and he just fucking gets it in a way I wish everyone did.
From a small town in Canada, not many people there are interested in talking about this sort of stuff.
We're rehashing familiar complaints, but helps me feel sane.
HIPAA and LIMS. Stacks of notebooks. So much time spent transcribing.
Money aspects, criminal implications. UX. It's your problem even when it's not your fault.
What the customer asks for is not what they want. Spend some time in support and have empathy for them.
There's too many engineers that can't pull that off.
And too many C level people (then by extension companies) that lack this sort of empathy at all.
Well, we've identified this problem, it's not a new one, now how do we solve it?
Not a job for tonight, I guess. It just is nice to remember that I'm doing well by doing good.


Rediscussing the changing nature of the con.
The sort of people that started it can’t afford to come to it
The con has to evolve and adapt, but now we need to go somewhere else to get their perspective.


  

This glass is basically pure moonshine. You probably shouldn't drink it.
We were talking about it at Lee's and now we have a cup of it.
Poured into the Gatorade bottle. We'll mix this.
The name implies illegality, but apparently it technically just denotes unaged whiskey.
And if it doesn't touch a barrel could just be called a vodka.
Yep, that's Jolly. He walks by and slaps me on the shoulder.
I hate starting new ones but even the best conversations have diminishing returns.
And if talking to the same person year after year eventually all that's left are small deltas.
So you have to keep finding more people.
Tough nuts to crack can be super valuable, but some people here really are just antisocial assholes.
  



Late night we make our way home.
Apparently, Claudus left with someone that decided an uber was the way to do it.
And the walk to the car was approximately the distance between the hotels.
Once again I’m asleep before the sun rises, but I'm not disappointed.


Chapter of Zinc
In which clouds are computed and genomes are hacked


  

Looks like it’s going to be a beautiful day for cloud computing.


~1000 Ran into Joe again and put 2600 on my calendar.
It just doesn't make sense for me to only see him at cons.
The spirit of hacking should remain alive in your heart all year round.


~1100 walked around some more, with Ryan and Victoria in tow.
We duck into the hacking CI talk. We use these sorts of tools at work.
I take some more notes, but so far there's nothing really insightful in this talk.
Yeah, if they have their build scripts in the repo and you can submit a PR there's a potential to fuck shit up.


1145 Pizza.
Taco status: 4/9 (44%!)


I wanted to see this talk. Bioweapons. Genetic Diseases to Guide Digital Hacks of the Human Genome.
We're in the room, just catch it on the TV.
What are nanodiamonds?
Biotech is blowing Moore's law out of the water (wrt the cost drop in sequencing)
A cure for cancer will likely be dual use, like nuclear weapons accompanied by nuclear power
Since we're going to work on the cure no matter what, it seems like an exploit is inevitable.
The cure is a moonshot. Expensive, but reasonably plausible.
Infrastructure for defense is a mars-shot. Probably possible.


6 slides of agendas matches to genes to target
ALDH2, so no one at DEF CON could take a shot.
Call to action. Item the first: Please don't do this stuff.


A question results in the speaker commenting on resetting the microbiome:
“OK, I'll put you down for the feces eating”


With XNA we could have life with triple helices.
More error correcting capability, but you've probably gone beyond being human.
“If you have an encounter with a chainsaw you could develop an abnormality in your extremities”


Last question: Is it lupus?
Savvy answer: Hahaha, it's never lupus.


Chapter of Gallium
In which DC has come to DEF CON


Wander over to 101
Do you wanna see a congressman?
I'm only a little surprised to learn that they sound like reasonable people.
“The thing I was surprised to see was the voting machine village”
Oh, did he see a naked person in there, cause even I didn't get to see that.
  



In line for closing ceremonies.
The nearest door accidentally opened.
People poured in, people were pushed back.


Will this be the first door to open?
We'll only open it if you do the wave.
Oh, you were the ones that got pushed back. That sucks.


Chapter of Germanium
In which things begin to end


~1615, doors finally open. “No running”
We pour in. Song playing is “Break the internet”
4 screens wide, powerful sound system.  Images on screen pass by with an “in memoriam” nostalgic feel
They play: Pacin' heat – pacman crime caper from the X-Hour film contest  An absolutely awesome movie


Pictures were working fine, the video was good.
But as soon as it comes to slides, it's time for fail.
Black screen and projected glitches. “It's DEF CON”
Techs diagnosing the problem in front of > 20k hostile hackers. 
Change it from presenter to mirror mode and it works. We cheer.
We'll be here again next year. It'll be interesting to see where we go next.
So, hopefully next year we'll get the electronic badge next year. #badgelife
~20% growth, we were > 25k people ~380 goons, 50 GB of Facebook traffic.
Toshiba and Western Digital among the top hard drives, Epic fail for Mediamax
~1300 dollars worth of pure gold in each of the uber badges
Yeah, she was right. 9 bit bytes and middle endian for the CTF.
You can fuck right off with that shit.
Another victory for PPP
1813 officially called to a close
Walking back to the room, has someone Rick-rolled the pool?


Chapter of Arsenic
In which our hero reaches the famed land of Tacos El Gordo


Trying to get down, to get to tacos.
Three people waiting.  Button isn't lit. I push it.
Wait a bit. Apparently the elevator is broke.
It'll be XX minutes before they fix it.
So we just take the stairs.
  

Sooo many stairs.  Finally we see the light.
Meet up with Claudus. Free parking at the Wynn.
  

Tacos el Gordo lives up to its reputation.
Good stuff.
Taco status: 5/10 (50%)
  

I wanted something more interesting.  Cabeza or tripa, but just pick the nearest line.  2 asada, 2 chorizo.
Pretty crowded.  No seating.  Push together two trash cans to make a table.
Tentative plan to visit the party at the AP, but some people need to wake up in the morning.
Fernando heads off, we ride back to Caesar's with Kyle.
His date went well. Stashed the Ditka, the Cupcake was sufficient, a hit.


Chapter of Selenium
In which our hero goes looting


  

  

Scavenging the con zones.  A Mike’s Hard Black Cherry and a Sculpin.  Various t-shirts and snacks.
  

  

  

Mints abound.  Someone’s making jokes about blue balls.
  



Head up, catch the guy we met at the Illuminati party as he tries to head out.
  

He backdoor'd the goon party by travelling through the magical chair forest.
  



Now we're playing with neodymium magnets. Try not to chip them.
Things move in slow motion. We're all sleep-deprived.


  
  

Someone got hit in the head.
How does that happen?


Did you see my friend go by?  he asks us.
But his description is woefully vague.
Let me guess, he also:
        Has above average intelligence
        Is on the autism spectrum
        Owns many black t-shirts
        Is a bit rebellious


2351 More looting.
  

  
  



Monday
Chapter of Bromine
In which our hero learns the 12 notes that are the key to everything


The music coming from the goon party has ended.
It's only 0026. I toss her a key so she can go to sleep.
Seems like one might say that Victoria is pulling a Jonas
Kyle has school stuff, so we escort him home soon after.
But we're intercepted by Felix, aka CTRL.
I believe that he started the conversation by hitting on Claudus.
Living in CA, working with RuPaul's drag race, he understands our changing world.
Something about eating a burrito. You need to keep up your strength to keep working.
“Now, I don't know how much you know about burritos”
Attempting this act of public mastication [he pantomimes the action]
Somehow resulted in a phallus proximal to the face.
And it's here that we learn he's actually heterosexual.
He is really upset by the discrepancy implied Kyle's statements and his teal shirt.
“No one in tech wears a teal shirt. Where's your badge?”
Honestly spoken, Kyle doesn't have one and Ryan's is back in the room.
So though I'm only plebeian, at least I can be recognized as legit.
Seems to be a fan of my green Jacket's collar. That's how you get women.
He was the stage manager, the master of track 1. You're welcome. Thank you.
Nerding out with the horn player of Reel Big Fish.
Kyle can play a guitar, he's aware of an octave.
Felix goes on and on about 12 notes. 6 for the guys and 6 for the girls. 12 notes.
I loved the EDM music at the con, but he almost seems to disparage it.
You need to Google music so we can have a conversation.
He makes mash-ups. With artistry. Possessing an exhausting intensity.
I'm afraid to take notes, even surreptitiously, so reconstruct the narrative from memory.
Any lapse in attention could be seen as an affront, not that he's the violent type, per se.
He's talking about DILF parties and Kyle tries to clarify.
I mean, a MILF somewhat typically has male fans, so does this party have a female constituency?
The implication is no. Instead of edification, he elucidates term definitions.
Will not rest until Kyle has pronounced every word of both acronym.
Now he's not saying you should limit yourself to trannies, per se.
Only that they know their bodies, best sex of his life.
At some point Claudus has managed to escape.
Something shady about a bank in Spain and “You ever have a deer wake you up?”
He's a friggin' goon, so I got nothing but respect for him and what he's done for us.
He's earned himself a good time, but I’m a little concerned that in the vehement pursuit of it he’ll stumble into regret.
Kyle asks whether this story has a point. He responds most fervently in the affirmative. Then proceeds to ramble again.
I interject out of respect for Kyle's intention to sleep and because we're spending too much time covering the same ground.
As we walk away he apologizes to Ryan for not hitting on him. [Must be the hobo beard]
He was apparently offered back-stage passes for next year.
But I don't think this guy would recognize us in the morning, let alone next year.
0128 Claudus is engaged in his final head-out. 'Til next year.
We head back up to the room to drop off our ill-gotten goods and refill on drinks.
Head back down to the bar to soak up the last bits of glory.


Chapter of Krypton
In which our hero drinks beer from the North Pole


0211 “Do you want a beer from beer Santa?”
“Do I have to sit on your lap?”
“No”
He gives a Dos Equis to me and a Blue Moon to Ryan.
Pops it open, too.
You're not selling my data, are you Santa?


A new friend pours us shots of bourbon, with a buck’s head or something like that
He looks like he could be a bro, but he's actually chill, cool, sharp.
I've spent some time talking this con about haplotypes, coinheritance of alleles, and how that means that sometimes your appearance does legit carry additional information. 
But it's only a small part of the story.  The hacker spirit is found in all sorts of vessels and we try to collect the most diverse forms of it.   But ideas leave no physical mark, so it is disingenuous to use physical appearance to reduce redundancy.   You need to seek out people,  larger data size independent of anything else.
He works on a red team, full stack from physical to network security.
Looks young,  but he's got a decade of experience. 
We talk about our jobs.
He has pharma clients.
I've heard horror stories
But he has optimism.
It's better than it was.


This guy just introduced himself as Taylor or something like that.  A mundane name.  
It's getting harder and harder to get a unique handle.
I explain the origins of mine.  
Not Episcopalian, but that's actually not too far off.
Im generally able to get my handle as a username without contention.
In my childhood where I wanted to be a dragon or ouroborus I always had to add a number
This name doesn't properly function as a hacker handle, though, it's trivial to find my real name from it.  


Chapter of Rubidium
In which discussions move to the lobby 


A couple of Furries hanging out here.
This bar is closing. Our world gets smaller.
Beer Santa exhorts us to travel to the lobby bar.
But until my drink is gone, they are functionally equivalent.


One of the guys from Team Hebrew says: get involved in contests.
They've started working on Shabb@ Con.


Two loud guys, arguing, but with love.  A rare spotting of nerds trolling IRL.
One leans over and asks of the other how well we know him.
To suss out how far he can push him.
I respond that we don't know him at all.
A prostitute has an alternative suggestion:
“Why don't you guys do me and yell at me”
This guy wasn't joking when he said “No, you're too tall”
Some tangent about proportions [perspective and penis size]
Beyond the crude interruption we're talking about identities, legality, and morality.
This is a golden conversation. Beer santa is out of beer so I buy a round of drinks to keep it going.
I am perhaps the least hirsute. I tell them I can't grow a beard because of my genes.
They assent to my notes. But make sure there's no names.
No problem, no problem. But what exactly constitutes a minimal set of uniquely identifying information?
I realize what a privilege it is to witness this and I don't want to jeopardize that.
I reiterate that I'm not press. This information is for personal use only.


Golf balls in the pocket of my green jacket.
I was unaware of the implication when I bought it (or was it stolen from Mnke)
But now I'm committed to the illusion that I've won the masters.
“Do you like golf?” he asks me
“No”
“Cool. Me neither”
Something about the confluence or confusion of USGA and LGBTA.


The white guy denounces white privilege while the Native American [Ojibwe] says there is no such thing.
Rather than let them steal an extra seat, we make these Floridian contest goons sit with us.
“Are you assuming my street cred?”
The two loud folks are having a white-off, but they’re standing in front of me.
I get the ass-view, so they both look pretty brown to me.


Another sack of beer arrives.
PBR for Ryan. And he starts quoting NOFX.
Clearly he is Punk Rawk and has made some bad decisions. Never go full hobo. I'm hobophobic.
A Corona for me.
[redacted] is not a beer drinker and trades his beer for a Vanilla Not-Your-Fathers.
“So what yer saying is don't let anyone else jerk off into your non-beer...”
It is by exhortation that I am recording the entrance of “dat ass”
Playing spot the hooker.  “No, you asshole, that's our waitress.”


This guy runs Azure.
Echo Papa India - Sierra Kilo India - Papa Oscar Echo.
After I successfully spell my handle in the phonetic alphabet he offers me a job.


Something about them and alligators...
“Hey, that's racist. I'm 20% crocodile”


A goon shows up with this year’s Showercon soap-based badge
Shittercon sounds like it was born by the same sort of serendipity.
We were attempting to buy another (expensive) round, but he drops off another bag o' beer.


  

I'm not generally a fan of IPAs, but I happily trade the Dos Equis for a Torpedo.
A toast to our benefactors, the Wishkey Pirate Crew
Hey, we know those guys. But do they know krazystyle?


0500 I'm still not clear on his name. He heads up to bed and I wish him well.
The hooker count has dropped to epsilon.
Ryan is talking about guns.
Somehow he wound up becoming the new beer Santa
  



This guy has an accent. I'm guessing northern UK, Scotland?
No, it's Manchester. I should've known that, but I got a bad ear.
I remember pontificating on the nature of this con in something of a slur
To murmurs of general agreement.
The Floridians leave and this guy has lost his bag.  No worries, he says. His own fault.
Hopefully cameras caught whatever went down and all gets resolved.


I'm headed, I dunno, to bed or just a bathroom.
Fellow asks me “the guy you were sitting with. Did he finally call it a night?”
“Yeah, he did”
“OK, yeah, we call him loudmouth for a reason...”


Chapter of Strontium
In which the sun rises and sets


  

Yep. Goal met, finally caught the sun rising.
So, I defo haven't pulled a Jonas.
But it's like only 5 hours 'til checkout.


~0900 up and packed
I've had up years and down ones, the bar raises, though not monotonically,
But I must say this was one of my favorites.
Still have gambled zero dollars in Vegas.
Unless you count the SNES game.


Wander over to the Paris, reviving the ghosts of last con.
Someone compliments my Dungeons and Dragons shirt.  
“You're not Brian, are you?”
“No” Is he meeting someone here?
“Oh, You look really familiar...”
Hmm, maybe I was introduced as Ryan in a previous year.
I should follow-up but my voice is missing.


Sign says the driver is named Mohammed Ali.
Given the circumstances I'm skeptical.


Strong contrast to STL security here is stickler as hell.
Everything out the bag, every electronic device, even food, single layer.


TSA says to me: “You look like you're ready for bed... or the hospital”
I'm wearing white corduroy pants, not jammies (c.f. Dominica).  Maybe it’s a threat?


This woman trying to get to Albuquerque chats with the New Jersey-born person behind the desk.
Charlotte and Susan.


They start the announcements with a misdirection “Did anybody lose this?”
But no jokes afterwards.


I get home to find that I have no Internet.
No reported outages in my area.
Try turning it off and on again.
Somehow that didn't solve it.
I must’ve made it on a list.


In the back yard I see the downed line. Looks like it was a tree.
So far I have no evidence that the tree was in cahoots with the government.
Ryan sez: “I woodn't hold my breath on finding out what branch it may have been a part of.
They tend to stick to their stories”


I think I forgot to eat anything today.
50% taco achievement unlocked!
