Wednesday        1
Thursday        12
Friday        33
Saturday        58
Sunday        85
Monday        99
Tuesday        103
DEF CON 33 - DaveCon 4.2
  

Wednesday


Work is in another crazy busy period 
So yeah, the timing isn't the best, especially given I just took time off for Ireland
But I simply cannot skip DEF CON / DaveCon
Would be great if it could just align with the summer shutdown 
But at least it's after the 0.6 release


Finalizing packing.  Going light, but taking the Kali laptop
  

Catch up on a few emails in the morning and click through compliance with assigned trainings


  
Righto 
Only Zuul


Drive to the airport, park in the back
Guy standing here wearing a sash and crown 
40th birthday king


Long wait for the shuttle
Bus is full so I sit on the floor
These guys might miss their flight


Ryan meets me at the gate and we negotiate a ride
The rideshare zone is crowded, but it doesn’t take too long
Head to Circus Circus for slots a fun
How many hot dogs are you gonna get?


  

Our buddy Eddie is here
And he seems to vaguely remember us
Or at least he does remember asking a Hacker to help him with his credit score
Was that hot dog rotator here last year?
I thought yes, but Eddie confirms no
We grab a couple of the $2 beers


Check in to Seigel
Or: as Ryan calls it, the seig heil 
  

Pool on the roof must have a leak
  



Peruse and organize the swag we intend to redistribute
  
  



I take a Buc-ee and a PANIC sticker for myself


Try pho you & mi
Pretty good for strip mall fare
  
  



The hotel smells exactly like that pine tree air freshener that Tommy D’s mom included in the care package when he was living in our house


Nice thing about this location is that it’s between the liquor store and LVCC, 
So dropping off drinks is conveniently en route
As opposed to Circus Circus, which required backtracking


“At least it's a dry heat”
But the room is cold
AC is locked at 67
We tried messing with it a bit, but ultimately just unplugged it.
  

Surprisingly that didn’t fix it


1700
Head to the center
linecon has started, but it's quiet still, 
not much in the way of congregation


  

But the main sticker wall has started


  

  

Doesn’t look like we’ll be able to buy it here
Guess we’ll have to find someone who drove 


R reciting: “That’s for the marketing department to figure out”
“No it’s not”
RC Glow


Wander around a bit, Ryan thinks he recognizes this guy from Vet Con
But maybe there’s some other white guy with a stetson 
No, it is him, it’s Crabb.  Patch on canteen:
Maybe the real wmds were the friends we made along the way


Willy and his wife show up, he looks like El Kentaro
Hattori arrives, he looks like Wes Chatham
They head over to the Conrad for vet con activities, badge building 


Another search for the AC documentation 
Turns out it's press and hold the Display button for 10s
Looks like someone who didn’t figure that out seriously engaged with the panel trying to turn it off
  

Keep Calm and RTFM


Back to linecon, give out some DaveCon 3.14 badges
Received a QR code for free wifi
Seems legit


Picked up the Phrack special issue
Some people were playing phone book tennis with ‘em
  



Claudus and Eagal Eater arrive
Collect this year’s Raitlin’s Challenge card 
https://dc33.minervallux.com/challenge
and a couple of chips
  

One is a linecon exclusive, the other, it seems, is a band




  



Found ourselves another Aaron 
Avoid alcohol in cold weather situations
You feel warmer, but are colder since you're radiating more heat
So in a hot weather situation like this, drink more.  OK, say no more. 


Got a preview of the badge from the goons
Yep, it’s physical, not electronic, but it has a vulnerability 
Things have been popping off, this screw gets loose
Locktite em if you gottem


DaveCon badges so far haven’t had any supply chain issues 
Physical badges usually dont
The titanium badge did
But Claudus calls BS on it (DC19)


She was staying at the Rio and found a cricket in the bathtub
Took a shower and it stayed in the corner 
(Must not be a baby)
And that's how you make friends
She’s got a little plastic toy
Says it’s a pokemon, but no one here knows which one.
Looks like an axolotl.  Someone looks it up:  wooper
  



This guy is looking to get into physical security
Isn’t a programmer, not excited about AI
Wants to learn lockpicking
Point him to the village, but good luck, it’s always so busy
Try a smaller con to get more hands on


Thursday
0000
Strangers have the best candy.  This one looks like a magician
Pizza shows up as soon as I put the sucker in my mouth


“He's got pepperoni, I got Hawaiian”
At least this pineapple has Pizza under it  (cf DC26)
I take a slice of pepperoni 


A second dragonborn has appeared
  

Photo:  Cannibal


0500
Snoring suddenly stops and R asks
“Want to head over to line con?”


Dreams are a swarm of processing tech talk
Including a nightmare involving debugging
Some build issues and a nonexistent CI/CD problem
Opaque binaries in revision control


Submit the DaveCon badge order and head out for line con


0800
Found end of cash line
Shouts of goons rise above the din of the crowd
Someone dropped a rubber duck.  “Duck down!”


0848
Got the badge (and a new bag)
They already ran out of real badges
  

And next year should be electronic.  
More expensive and line seems longer, but maybe pre reg next year?
R did and he got a real badge.  Inversion of DC31
  



Hang out in the caf with some vet con folks
Follow mama duck to con set up
We cross the velvet rope, knocking it down
How many kitties do you have?
I have a lot


They don't need so much help and don't want too many people back there
So anyone not carrying something, please exit


1000
Head to SuperBook so Ryan can put 50 on Purdue men's basketball for Victoria 
Got two free beers out of it
He says that breaks my ‘zero gambling in vegas ever’ streak since I touched the ticket and got the beer
But I respectfully disagree 
Not my circus, not my mnke


  

Gotta put my team up on the sticker board


  

Hell yah, episkipoe will hack for tacos


  



Pipcked up a flyer for cooler con.  
Nice to see there’s some sunday night content
That has been rather hit or miss lately


Handing out more DaveCon 3 badges while we wait for this year's drop
Are you Dave?
I'm Dave
Is this QR code safe?  I was told not to scan anything at DEF CON.  Can I borrow your phone?
I scan it with mine to prove that it is


Chatting with the lyft driver
R quotes it as a joke:  I have enough money for the rest of my life
Provided I die next Tuesday 
But the driver seems to take it too seriously 
Oh hun, that’s not enough.  You need enough for 5 years
And then she gives us some more life / family advice 


Pickup the badges and get some gyros 
  



1500
Arrive toxic BBQ
Daveputize fiber moose
With a stack of badges in a bag
We’re gonna parallelize distribution this year 


  

They insist we grab a nametag, just one, even if you’re not gonna write your name
Toxic needs to report how many people we had in the park


1520
We're already done punching badges
Seems like it always took way longer
Are you sure we got 500 of them?
Maybe we're just that good now…


  

Ryan’s wearing his malort shirt
We’re poisoning pigeons in the park (RIP Tom Lehrer)


Find PepperCon
I do the powder.  It starts off feeling reasonably hot
(Not like the shot that pretty immediately knocked me on my ass)
But then it builds into unreasonably hot
And sticks around for a while
Numb lips, real pain
Then it fades
And I get my chip
  



He notices Ryan’s shirt and gives him the Ghost Pepper Malort
Well, he reports, the good thing is that you can hardly taste the malort 
So, in that regard, it’s better than the pumpkin spice malort
  

  

  

  





  





Fourth badge we've personally witnessed spontaneously combust
R has been tightening it with his fingernail
And generally not messing with it
Each manipulation loosens it
Rivets would have been better
At least they make a satisfying noise when landing on most surfaces
And we reckon I'll be able to construct my own badge from lost components


This little guy started poking out furtively but frequently
  

and by the end he was boldly full body out
  





1730
While Ryan is chatting I spot Fraggle giving out swag and badge him
Direct him to the other Dave 
The story is: Ryan flew to Denver for Punk in the Park
Had a few too many beer tastings
Saw a guy in a recognizable t-shirt
Slurs something like “Hey, do you actually go to DEF CON?”
And turns out he was there with Fraggle, a PepperCon/DEF CON superstar 
  

  



Last year this guy was passing out habanero fireball at linecon
And people were telling him ‘this ain't shit’
So now he has Overpowered titos
  

Reapers for a year
Ryan has been left as its custodian for a short bit
He passes it to a new arrival, who takes a little too big a swig
Has to stumble away for a bit, find a bathroom
At least he didn’t throw up, just burp some
Apparently, he heard ‘do want to take a shot?’
When R said ‘do you want to make a bad decision?’ 
“All this because I wanted to know what DaveCon is…”


Colorado mutton chops shows up, same huge grin, love this guy
I usually find him in darker, noisier spaces…


  

Round off this party with some popcorn


Make our way back to the venue
  

Oho!  looks like we have a rival
  



  

I hella wanna copy that floppy
  
  

  



  
  

  
  



  

We keep dropping stickers and picking up more
Challenge coins were always a thing, bleed over from the military folks
But it seems like stickers / googly eyes weren’t all that popular until Caesars (DC25)
And they’ve really blown up since then
  
  



Adopted a beach ball.  I have sharpies
Make some additions to it then I’ll release it back into the wild
  
  

  

Photo: Cannibal


Walking over to fontainbleu
We start chatting with this guy with a color change technology t-shirt
He grabs some ice from his cup.  Let me draw a D for you
Let me get a picture of your D.  
I mean the one on your shirt
  



Friday
0830
I transcribe the text from the card that peppercon gave us:


Coxn "Qsfo wo k rsxd?"
dy zozzobmyxzejjvo@qwksv.myw


It’s pretty short for frequency analysis, 
But I’ll assume it’s not a sophisticated cypher 
And a fair amount of the content is easily guessed
Send the message, got a response 
  

zip file magic number.  we can work with this
but for now let’s get out and enjoy the con


Now I remember what we needed that sticker for… 
The toothbrushes the goon gave us at linecon
  

  
  

  
  

  





  

Can’t stop here.  This is cat country


0930
+1 badge explosion (5)
  

EBS:  exploded badge syndrome
Well, it’s better than IBS
(Imploded badge syndrome?  Yeah, that sounds dangerous)


Hallway is a crowded clusterfuck 
So rather than trying to get into track 1 I suggest we sit for ‘Aw, man… pages’
A quiz about software & software documentation 
Ryan really isn't a fan of either
So he heads up to vet con


Things clear up pretty quick at 10
So I duck out for track 1 
It's full, but I can still hear DT talk
“We're a con of cons”


Aw, man… is still running when his talk wraps 
So I sit for the rest of the rounds
  



Round 4: no help
List of tools, what is the longform flag for their -h shortform
OH:  I'm going to answer - -help for all of them


Eg ls: --human-readable
mysql, less, grep, rpm, chown 


Cryptic crossword round is fun.  
I guessed them all but the last


Dr Kim scrambles to create file cabinets (5)
Lifting winter Olympic sports (4)
Sounds like you spoke editorially (3)
Reproduction initially can only please you (4)
Signal sleuth concealed by shining reputation (5)


mkdir, curl, sed, copy, ngrep


Hit the villages
AIxCC looks amazing, cyberpunk come to life 
  



On my way to a kubernetes talk
Pass by R and Crabb on their way to hhv 
He hands me some free sunglasses from vet con (2)
Last year I showed up with 1 pair
Went home with 0, despite having found one on a table
This year I'm hoping to leave with more than that


kubernetes talk is in cloud village
He pronounces Jupyter like Ju Piter (mentat de Vries) instead of like the planet


  

Post location in the Dave-cord for additional badge distribution
Find Perryman and chat
Exchange some swag
Daveputized him
mediKanren 


He’s DaveCon staff, a Dave Goon, aka doon


Is that Bill?
Bill who?
Oh, “I’m just a bill” from schoolhouse rock 
No, it's towlie from South Park
Fits into both 42 and 420
  

  



Duck around the corner to the maker space for a bit
Chatting with Willy’s wife
  



Head to the stage for the pub quiz.  And there’s Jaku!
Hand him some badges.


+1 badge explosion (6)


1300
Pub quiz starting 
Audio issues causing a delay
“Go get a beer or something.  It's a pub quiz”


+1 explosion (7)


Probably for the best that I got a paper badge
I can't help but fidget 
I had such a hard time with the key caps during DC 29
And I have to keep replacing my dragon’s eye
Pick up some extras from an nfo table
  



t-shirt sez:  What happens in Vegas stays in a data center


+1 sunglasses (3)
  

Taco truck
  

  

Ryan met another Dave.  Hell yeah


+1 badge explosion (8)
  



  

They got soma just at the end of the hall
Their vibe really needs the dark and comfy chairs of the chillout area


+1 badge explosion (9)


  

I swear I have a copy of that whiz kids comic


R asks me:  Hey, is that guy in the black suit Fat Mike?
Which guy?
That one?
No
That one?
No
That one?
Yeah
+1 fat Mike spotted
He’s an owner of the nearby punk rock museum 
And was a special guest at a party we couldn’t attend
  



“That mohawk isn't very punk rock”
He says to someone who has a mohawk more punk rock than Ryan’s


  

His hands are full with a Stella and a mixed drink
(He looked just like this, but we didn’t take this photo)
So R stuffs a DaveCon badge in his jacket pocket (it’s sewn shut)
He doesn't resist, but someone in the entourage promptly removes it


  



Down the hall, spot a guy in a Descendents t-shirt
He'll want to know fat Mike is here
“Did you know he's at def con?”
“No I don't know if he is”
“No, I'm saying he is.  Right over there”


  

(No functioning projector, throws the speaker through a loop)
He had to move to Panama since his stuff is illegal here
Does anybody know what a game genie is?
Some subset of us raise our hands
He's holding his laptop rather precariously to show his slides
MAID (MAD magazine AI slop parody image)
Giving AI the middle fingers
Is anybody familiar with nanopore sequencing?
Combine a synthesizer with a sequencer with his device in between
Pigeon-related question from the audience wrt degradation from uv 


Meet R in front of chillout 
Heading to our room
Find Fraggle 
He's frazzled
Hand him some more DaveCon badges


  

I’m not taking either of these stickers home


+1 sunglasses (4)


1800
  

Ryan got the car hacking village badge
Comes with 2 SAOs: a horn and an accelerometer 


  
  

Chilling in the room, drinking the Jaws
It doesn't taste very blue…  Just a generic white wine
  



OMG, do you realize it's already Friday and we haven't eaten a single hot dog


1830
Give a badge to the goon on the escalator:
“If anybody asks you to be head of security at DEF CON just say no”
He’s aged 5 years in one Dave (day)


  

  



1927
R dav3d hellcat 
  

Photo:  Cannibal




2000


Find DumDumz and chat for a bit
He gives Ryan some fancy chocolate 
Head over to Hacker Jeopardy 
Daveputized the guy I met in line
He reminds me of a young Joe Grand
We discuss mushrooms (not magic).  He forages, next seat over grows them
Area codes.  He shouts out when it's his home town 404, Atlanta 
No chopsticks, no babies, is this even Hacker jeopardy?
Next year, I'll bring my own
  

Chalupas on stage


Technical difficulties, screens go dark  “You fucked it up!”
  

Ryan picks up another free t-shirt


What is malort?
Look up:  what is south america?
Seems it was DC17
But I didn’t write down any context and it wasn’t recorded
media.defcon.org
Beef Thief from DC22 is a little more straightforward


The cockroach is referenced, so I give away my Trevor Forget sticker


They're doing a 3rd round tonight
Give ‘em the D
(All the answers are Dave)


2200
After hj we dump a bunch of trash stickers
They are eagerly picked up
And we met the guy behind the cool Skull stickers
(They’re from temu)


2230
  

New friend shares shots of the good stuff


Guy notices the grim reaper on the DaveCon badge
Hold on, I think I have him.  Here, help me look for him
  

Pours his temporary tattoos onto the table
We shuffle around for a while
I’ll just take the coffin
Thanks!
  



2300
  



  

BlanketFortCon is looking good!


2340
Got my paper badge exchanged by a goon
Oh noes!  It’s gonna pop
Tuck it into a badge holder and hope for the best
  



Saturday
0018
+1 badge explosion (10)
  

  

  



  
  

  



0100
  

We both got some IoT hats at some point
But some random guy liked ‘em so much I gave mine to him


“Can I get a picture of the back of your head?”
“Of course”
  







0200
  

We’re gonna need those Vs for next year, DaveCon 5
And find out what’s on that floppy


To bed


0940
R hands me a breakfast Stella 
He’s Kevin today
  



  

Tattoo is fading fast, but the red eye made it overnight


1000
Heading back to the con area
  

1.  How do pigeons not simply fall under the pest umbrella?
2. I don’t like this


1030
  

R snags some malort from HHV


1100
  

Back to the maker space.  Laser burning wood smells good


  



  

Wandering through the spaces


  

Ryan picked up one of those plants we’ve seen around
No one we’ve asked knows what they’re all about
Was really hoping it was a Fallout reference
His name’s Herbert.  I talk to him when I get lonely… Heh heh.  Just kiddin’... His name’s Bob


(learned about it from peppercon discord post-con)
  







1130
+1 sunglasses (5)
+1 explosion (11.  Final count, people getting clever)


1200
  

Pretty sure we still haven’t hacked it, but…
We do got some dancing cats on the dome


They turned the drink into a pinball machine!?
  
  



  

Ham radio villiage, guy working on cantennas
“Not even sure what band it would work on…”
R says: “Probably Metallica”
OK, that’s actually funny
  



  

Beverage cooling.  But they’re not giving out any beverages.
Remember the pony times?
  
  



  

Stop by biohacking
  

No sequencers, but they do have a machine from Roche 


1300
Grab a seat for taskmooster 
  

Pretty funny sandwich round
Then technical difficulties 
Do I prefer magicians or robots?
  

The AI round is good too
  



And we got some Oreos out of it.




1500 
Head out with Jaku to get some of those 2-dollar hot dogs 
Discussing work - he’s still in Chicago and doing quite well
And Ireland - he went there with Johnny X who got quite ill there
Jaku gets a second round of 2 dogs, now that’s twice as many as Ryan got
And four times as many as me


  

  



Back at con
Pass by with hellos
To Bruce Potter and G Mark Hardy
Jaku knows everybody, including the shirts off, oiled up hacker jeopardy team from Chicago


  

  

I really don’t need any more t-shirts
but couldn’t turn down this free one
  



1620
Ryan trades a DaveCon badge for a pack of Black Badge Raffle cards
And gets raffle tickets for his military service
Goon asks me:  Do you have a riddle or a joke?
Where does George Washington keep his armies?
I don’t know, in the field?
In his sleevies
That's a good one
(No its not)
Ryan keeps telling the same frog joke.  Ribbit.


  

It's fine, the first 8 or 9 times he says it
But once it gets into double digits, it starts to grate


Hey, it's my neighbor from the wall
He takes a picture of my DaveCon shirt and I take a picture of him
  



1900
A little early to get in line 
We got a dinosaur fight
  



Ryan has finally got rid of all his hats
Last year’s ‘Don’t click on shit’ to Fraggle
Blind Lemon to someone in the Hacker Jeopardy line
“I just noticed that doesn’t say blind melon”


Ryan leaves Hacker Jeopardy early to head to the Vet Con party
They are auctioning off swag to benefit the EFF
Some challenge coins and the like.
And two bags of tacos


I duck out early, to find a restroom and check out parties
And just generally Dave it up


  

Shhh, this is a secret society
Eagal Eater pulls me aside to discuss a controversy 
He witnessed a goon take down a ‘Resist the new world order’ sticker
  
  

  

  
  



Sitting on the floor, writing with a pen, evoking mem’ries of DC14, where by doing this I was ushered into a quiet room with Dan Kaminski (RIP)


Day of the Dead isn't quite what I was expecting
Mostly empty, no content, just a DJ  “whoop there it is”
I expected something more somber or mexican


R is the eidedic one, my brain is a sieve
I thought I just recognized this guy from last year, but he says we talked last night.
Maybe he's the mistaken one and it was a different Dave, but he seems suspiciously sober


Up to vet con
Get a Stella from R
Chat for a bit about con vibes, move on


Spotted dual core.  Should have badged him, but he looked busy


2200
+1 sunglasses (6.  Final count, didn’t lose a single pair 😎)
Duck into Feet Feud for some quiet reflection
And this game show is more fun than I thought it'd be


(John Hammond is not the Jurassic Park guy)
“dude, why are you showing nipple?  Get up here”
“Raise your hand if you have more than 3 certs”
“I'm literally a software engineer”
        “I get the feeling we’re gonna be hearing that a lot”
“Why does he have a pop tart?”
“a lot of vibe coding went into this”


Woman across the aisle is wearing a DaveCon badge!


Name a tool used in IR
“I've never worked in IR - why am I up here?”
Jira? Slack? Data dog - dog with the data
“wtf?  Are you guys using email?”
“I'm a SE be nice to me”
So, so many Xs
>splunk gets a team on the board 
Next guess is: your mom
Other correct answers are:  excel, grep, wireshark 


“This is not a bribe.  This is just a drink”


Someone in the front row says:  
Buzzer?  I hardly know ‘er
(But don't tell Ryan I laughed at that)


Team pronounces SQL as sequel.  That’s the way I say it. 
Host says ‘I'll accept it’ (and pronounces it as S.Q.L.)  crowd boos since both are perfectly valid
“Hey!  I said I'll accept it”
He clearly has tourettes, but it seems thankfully mild, and he’s still a great host
  



No chill in chillout, same loud EDM 
Fashion and glow sticks and blinking LEDs 
  



2348
Picked up a copy of the forbidden sticker near the entrance
  



Sunday
0030
I've headed back up to vetcon to check on R
He sends out a missive to peppercon
As a group we do shots of malort
I get the normal kind from the flask
While the rest do the ghost pepper infused nightmare…


  

Acquired this sticker, how apropos re: Lann
Hey Dave, how's your botnet doing?
Autocorrected to bonnet
R:  I told you


0050
Ryan peels off with an urgent Hattori
Someone downstairs is in a bad way


“What's up?”
“Depends on your frame of reference”
I’m thinking this is going to be a good conversation 
‘Til a 3rd party comes in with:
“Did you start the fight?”
And his response is “Yeah, I did”
Nothing too tense, but I decide to bounce


A DJ sits next to me and asks if they really sell Stella Artois here
I try to explain about my vet con hookup, he says:
“I thought it might be smuggled booze”
Chat for a little while, my initials are DJ but I don't have musical talent
I donate him a can of my Jack Daniels and he goes on his way


0100
Got secreted into the back of packet hacking village
For last call of a secret non-bar
I ask for Gin and tonic?
He says “Fuck off”  and offers Tequila and cranberry
I reply “Fuck off”
He counters with Vodka and cranberry 
OK, yeah, thank you!
(If anybody asks, you got this from…)
  



Ryan points out Warlord, who’s cracking a whip
That guy, that's the guy what set his pants on fire
DC16 the Riviera.  2008 and we’re still talking about it
We move towards talking to him. 
But security is quite insistent that we make our way towards the exit
We comply.  We don’t want trouble.


0230
R seems quite a bit worse for wear
That's what free alcohol can do to you 
I manage to escort him safe to our room
No major street crossings, no real incident.


Hey Dave
Are you red team or blue team?
  



0800
  



Table goon says: “Someone take the protein”
R responds: “I'm anti-teen”
As a reflexive, flippant, immediately forgettable dad joke
“Why did you say that you’re anti-teen?”  “It was just a joke”
So she sees in him the making of a fellow professional standup
And takes him aside to teach him the secrets of standup
That I’m not allowed to overhear, I’m just a dilettante


  



  

Follow Claudus and Eagal Eater to hac man.  
They are dominating to mess with Druid
Got some black badge cards of my own


Make the rounds some more
At the maritime village:
R asks:  Does the drug sub still have drugs in it? 
She responds: “I don’t know”
You know, if you're a cop you gotta say you're a cop
She seems slightly bewildered:  “You tell me…”
I'm not a cop


Head back to hardware hacking villiage
Is that guy Pluto or Bluto?
Turns out it's both.


  

We try the homebrew malort
It tastes the same to me as when I made homebrew “absinthe”
Before it was legal here.  Just vodka and wormwood  (That was a rough concert)
Allegedly, it’s got anise and cloves and whatnot in it.  R can taste it, I cannot.
We think the grapefruit is the missing secret ingredient 
She gives me some fireball to take the edge off
Thank you.  Yes, now some more fireball.
  

  

How about we do a shot of that whipped cream, too
Wait, no!


Makerspace: I couldn’t remember the name of Willy’s wife
It’s: Amy.  But Teezy and ‘Willy’s wife’ work too


  

Ryan picks up a string of giant electric balls


Discussing DaveCon lore with fibermoose 
A big part of it is that Ryan would introduce himself as Dave
Knowing I have to give my name next.  
And he reveled in the look of confusion on my face.
Do I say I’m Dave, too?  Or take his name?  Or make one up?
I’m Dave, he’s Dave, we’re all Daves here.
  

  

  

I think this might be my favorite sticker I got from DEF CON 33


Ryan picked up this bag, ‘cause he thinks Victoria will like it
  

Yeah, it looks good to me
1200
  





Tacos El Gordo is a bit crowded (Is Miguel Gordo (FatMike) here?)
  

So we head a little further to Tacos El Pastor
  
  

It’s not bad
  
  

Fanny Packs are cool (I picked one up too)


Closing Ceremonies is at capacity, we're among the first to not get in
  

Head to the lobby and chat with Jaku
Then back to the room to just chill and watch it on our phone


1700
  

There’s Claudus on the screen for his HacMan victory 


  

Across the street to the Marriott, looking for Cooler Con
Find some Swiss with the same mission
Take a look at maps and lead/follow them to the other Inn around the corner
On our way, someone walking the other direction confirms we’re on the right path


  

A low-key gathering


  
  

Sweet cat tats


Excellent discussions
Stick around for a while 
But the conversations are pretty hardware focused, so I zone out for a bit
Hopefully we’ll meet our goal of introducing more intermediate material next year
Most content is either quite remedial, like basic soldering or way above my head
And Ryan has identified that a session on debugging would fill a gap
Even if he has to fly next year, he’s got connections to set it up


2200
They're soft-shutting us down now
It has been a long weekend, we decide to just head home and to bed


We’ll have to find them again next year
  



Monday
Keep the traditions going
  

This shirt


And Daves and Daves post-party depression
  



  

Pool is basically ready to go now


Sit down at slots a fun for our last 2 dollar beers
  



Turns out Eddie’s favorite game was Age of Empires III (not 2)
“I'm serious, we need a gamer’s resort”
And he’s cracking up about the time he saw a line at Game Stop
They were all waiting for Pokémon cards
He just wanted a controller


Head to the airport quite early
R’s toolkit gets flagged, but no big deal


  

Prohibited to carry these drinks onto an airplane
But we have plenty of time to sit at the bar and kill time


I like our neighbor’s laptop stickers
They overhear something I said about Hacker Jeopardy and engage us in discussion
Gamer Hacking Village couple from San Antonio 
Hardware and Texas and DEF CON stuff
And someone who really appreciates R’s cat and dog pics 


It’s all packed away, but we do exchange some swag
Hand them a DaveCon badge, get a gamehacking sticker
Aside from a small stash for Daves that couldn’t make it from the con, we’ve given them all away
Next year we’ll have to print more


OH:  “I've taken as much acid as I weigh”
Slurring loudmouth at the end of the bar what works security for a credit card company
  

um, actually (R points out) it’s more like COMSEC FAIL


Tuesday
  

Four pounds of swag, 500 dollars for the con, that’s $125 per pound
Seems reasonable
And next year I’ll give half of it away


Poke at the next stage of the Peppercon puzzle:
  
&


  



Final hi-res: Sticker Wall


Index
