[a][b]
Thursday, 4:20
In Tales’ car, Audi.
Heading out, St. Louis.
Flat farmland, fall foliage.
Sun sets.
Refuel the car.
Drink a smart water.
Electrolytes.  Seriously?
You have to watch the sail cat video.
Text from Elonka as the hotel comes into view.
Gas station beer run.  It’s a bit audacious to call this a craft section.


I see purple hair.  Is that us?
No, those are roller derby girls in the lobby.


We can see the Batman building from the elevator, but not from our room.
I guess you have to pay extra for that.
  

We head to the conference room and say hello to Frankenstein
And be still, my beating heart.  8 machines running Ubuntu and Unreal Tournament


Friday.
Wake up, my first Taco Bell breakfast.
Head to Best Buy for a hardware run with Elonka.
She gets a new 750W power supply, plus a portable system and its pile of peripherals.


Plug things in, push button.  Light blinks.
Fan spins then stops.
Remove, replace questionable components.
Same outcome.
Ah, we were missing a second 4-pin power connection to the mobo.


We play a little Unreal before the first talk.
13:00.  Planetariums.
Apparently Adler has an 8k projector.
Guy in front of me cracks open a 40 of Olde English
Between talks Tales & I head to the bar for a beer.
Mog speaks on MURS, the public band that allows encryption.
Dead microwave ovens make a great Faraday cage.  I have two.


15:00  Open source firearms.  
Guy built an AK out of a shovel.


Dinner, another drink, some more UT


Finding it without FOIA
vault.fbi.gov has 50 parts on Abbie Hoffman.


Elonka’s talk on unsolved codes.  
She got her hardware in shape with 30 whole minutes to spare.
She had Flying Spaghetti Monster last time, giving this talk at Dragon Con
And here’s Jesus.


The carrot asks me if her foliage is blocking my view.
I respond in the negative.


We turn off the BBC documentary on Open Source
When two people nearly simultaneously show up with Hackers.
Well, there goes the Gibson.


And then reintroductions and drunken conversations.
  





Saturday.
I, an anomaly, wake up at a reasonable hour.
“The thing about cons - people get too drunk on Friday night to be useful the next morning”
I guess the consensus is that it’s too early for assembly.
It’s time for the talk and in the room:
@benthemeek @anarchival running the show
@BrandonTansey the presenter.  
And me.  
Now some guy in the back of the room.
We press record and power through.


Top 14 mnemonics make up >92% of code.
I add http://opensecuritytraining.info/ to my trello board


At the top of the hour the talk transitions to malware analysis.
Even static analysis (strings) can get you pwn’d


An analysis of Cryptolocker is a nice segue to @critical24’s talk.
Confessions of a Black Hat.  


Elonka’s talk on tech hobby to paycheck.
Adds a few more resources to my TODO list:
* http://www.manager-tools.com/
* http://learncodethehardway.org/


Random candy from strangers.  Seems legit.
Fireballs on the table.  Kickin’ it old school.


After Elonka’s Wikipedia talk she heads back out to Best Buy
And we, in search of food.  Almost ate at a Japanese place.
But end up at a Greek place with derby girls


Back for 3D printing.  Victories and mishaps.
At PN15 I saw this speaker successfully operate a nuclear reactor.
And last night I watched the 3D printer make a pretty mess.
Apparently, I left myself this note:  “Build a cyclotron?”
And then FOSS.  Find a mentored bug.
IRC is important in this context.
Interstellar Travel.
Throw a bowling ball while standing on a skateboard.
Now you’re a rocket scientist.
Space is friggin’ awesome.


  

Next door we take another look at Voynich.  


UT is dominated by: Osiris, the Egyptian god of the dead and Duckzin, the Brazilian god of ducks 
I have fun adopting whatever handle my terminal happens to have.
Looks like I’m omicron today.  The greek letter meaning small ‘o’
I love the fast pace and relative unsophistication of this game.


[There is a non-trivial degradation in my handwriting between these two paragraphs.]


I sit and observe some KOTH exploits.
I like how this is set-up, it seems much more accessible than I had feared.
Mount the drive, use vi to add the tag, throw in a few commands to lock out other users.
This all seems too easy, like there’s only a thin line between “Linux user” and “hacker”
And now I want to learn more


Tales gets a tarot card reading 
As I chat with the guy that has a “Don’t Panic” sticker on his laptop
(I’m wearing the pin from the old text adventure game)






  

  

Tales demonstrates modularity and architectural design patterns whilst constructing his lego house


TechNomadic SpaceTruck


[At some point there has been a transition to Sunday]


Another walk down the hallway and I end up shivering at smoker con.
Two people from Ohio.
In the midst of a stateful conversation, I wonder regarding the efficacy of the exposed wire of a particular strain of neuro linguistic programming.  
Hypothesis:        This challenge will elicit a particular response.
Experiment:        “O.H.”  I utter.
Result:        “I.O.”   Then she mutters “Damn conditioned response”
After he moved to Las Vegas he learned that money can buy happiness.
Is that a code word for chlamydia?  No, those girls are tested.


We follow a set of speakers in a suitcase, in elegant, prancing pied piper style.
To a “room party.”  In bed is the guy that looks vaguely like Wil Wheaton 
And he’s well and truly passed out.  Eventually rouses and...
Our gracious host hands out more alcohol.
And there’s a wheel chair.
People are trying to balance on it.
And then we stop disturbing the neighbors.
There are missing yellow safety guys guarding the haunted elevator.
Back to the lobby.  (There’s no party like a lobby party)
Where we merge with the derby girls.  “Join us”
And hotel staff ushers us into the ballroom.


“He’s got the hacker ethos down.  That (briefcase) carries his clothes as well”


And here we have a synergy, that goes beyond buzz and to the root of the word
The creation of a whole greater than the sum of its parts
A semi-crass, cross-section of outsiders.
Ginsberg, gin’s berry, the Hoffmans.
Movers and thinkers on the fringe.
Traitors and cultural loyalists.
Fusion, this time not of atoms, but ideas.
Bring in the big guns and let loose the big fun.
He up and dances from the wheelchair.  Praise the lawd.
Noise and secrets in corners.  We’re gonna need more watts.
I have no body, no credentials, no face, no name.  But I waltz into top party.


Derby girl says:  “Are you taking notes?  Do you know who we are?”
The facilitator says:  “Dance with them.  They are the geeks of the derby world”
(And we get it, that’s a compliment)
Judges and stats people are here, the skaters are still skating.
And she’s got moonshine in a mason jar.
“You made that?”  I ask.
She nods.
I swig.
It tastes like candy and doesn’t burn.


Hacker says:  “I don’t even wanna know what you’re writing down”
Dancing.  I can’t coordinate enough to accomplish it.
But I can with a pen penetrate a membrane.
Crowd density diminishes and so we’re corralled closer.
OK, fine.  What a strange, alien, congenial environment.  Disco Inferno.


[And by this time my text is nigh illegible]
And someone tries to read my notebook.
My handwriting is my encryption.
(Better than AES mothafucka!)


Arm motion.  Likeness - a currency, measure of acuity.
Eye perceptions.  Good content, good combo  (song: Barbra Streisand)
[Why did I write this?]


And there’s the FOSS speaker and others that are also ambiguously my heroes.
I mean, that guy says he does security for NASA.


Someone falls, “Don’t worry we have a medic”  “Is she OK?”  “I hope so”
And I find myself between worlds, with a page of this is and this isn’t.
Stacey hands me a hard cider.  “I don’t feel like holding two”


The tetris theme plays and I don’t understand how anyone with a pulse can avoid dancing.
Since in this context any movement counts.  And it’s so easy to be nucleated.
And with the realization that neither skill nor coordination are prerequisite
I’ve achieved victory over reasonable precautions
And have assuaged exaggerated anxiety


But I reflect upon my movements and my body language is still closed, clutching the notebook.
I am an introvert and my recent interactions have drained my energy reserves.
I need solitude to recharge.
But at the same time, I feel I am in a safe place.
Inside a petri dish, with such an exquisite culture
And I’ve supplemented depleted components with caffeine and alcohol.


“Freaky robot shit”
“C’mon, note taker”
“The mouth feel of Olde English is like applesauce”
“Why aren’t you writing this down?”
She’s pretty good on the keyboard.  Pachelbel, c.f. the last Def Con.
“I like Ohio, bitches”


And this is a relic from the early days of air travel.
The travel bar.  A leather case of bottles and mixing hardware.
Android and Apple.  Why did that guy just throw his phone down the hall?
The clock says 5, but it’s really only 4.  Regardless, I think sleep is about to happen.


Nearly noon now.
Why isn’t Taco Bell serving breakfast?


Another interesting Les Johnson talk.  Solar sails.


Rather than a Sunday crescendo, people have been steadily bleeding off.
We make our way into town for ribs.


  



Listening to a genetics podcast on the way home, aging wrt senescence.




Previous:  PhreakNIC15


[a]What a weekend! Gave me goosebumps reading it! Missing the old days! Good reading and good thing you wrote all this down! Was telling Nick the Derby girls story and I found this on the internet! What a great time to be alive! :D
[b]hahaha, hell yeah!
