PhreakNIC 15

November 4 - 6

Driving down with Elonka
The conversation in the car is stimulating intellectual intercourse
Which leaves the seed of ideas in my ear
I have a chance to leaf through a compilation of the Voynich manuscript on which she is giving a talk
The tome is a delightful, maddening tease
Unique in the world
Too alien to be understood
Too familiar to be discarded

I drive for a short shift and then Elonka pulls us into the parking lot
Of a beckoning tower amidst short industriousness
There's a small congregation of nerds smoking outside the lobby
We then head off to an Italian restaurant with Jonny X
A forceful and engaging speaker
With an interest in genetic engineering
(One of the perfect mad scientist majors)
And I get a crash course in Con History and SkyDog drama

Back at the hotel we find Aestetix near headquarters
He's putting the final tweaks on the slides for his talk on identity
How to present Google in just the right light
Not entirely blameless, but not drenched in douche baggery
  

  

He's a Legal Observer in the midst of Occupy
And can't over-emphasize the obnoxiousness of his electric lime observer hat
But he revels in the reactions that it gets
It makes him a hero in some people's eyes

This con has an intimate feeling
Maybe it’s the more southern location
It doesn't bunch up in closed cliques like some do 
I feel like I can "Hey, hello" my way into many conversations
It's a quaint little village where we know all our neighbors
rather than the sprawling suburb of DEF CON 
Inclusionist rather than Deletionist (in the Wikipedia parlance)

Elonka gets an email from a rather reputable fellow
Seeking confirmation on a Kryptos K4 plain text
So we assemble the troops in the 9th floor chill zone
For a late night hack session
"Somebody needs to beer me."
I pass the rum
"You've made Rattle a happy Rattle"
I get my laptop and fire up gvim
Writing snippets of C++
To turn letters into numbers and XOR them
It's inconclusive, not looking compelling.  2AM we crash. 

Morning.  Registration.
I'm exhausted, but acutely aware
My brain is Swiss cheese experiences slip through
and the rest of it is delicious with ham

Aestetix is trying to raise enough dough to get Dolemite to dance.

Opening Remarks
A heap of humor sets the right tone
The Con's begun better drink my own piss (from an Erlenmeyer Flask)
He's throwing out soap, shows the Psycho shower scene as a "how-to"

Aestetix grabs the mic and rocks the room at the Lightning Talks
The guy sitting next to me pulls up the video of him receiving oral sex while wearing a Richard Nixon mask

At 15:00 the Pedophile talk begins
I expect pedobear to dance his way in here
But he's far too scared of this impassioned guy
He's all like:  while I don't exactly condone vigilantism, this hot chick does
I mean, we're all for bad guys getting their due, but there's a burden of proof

Aestetix talk follows and it raises some interesting questions
What is in a name?  What is the role of anonymity on the net?
Who am I?

21:00  Elonka's talk on Kryptos and Voynich
Like Aestetix, she has a knack for engaging the audience

The man across the isle, in a motorized wheel chair and one leg
Engages me on my hoof socks.  
"Are they more comfortable?"
"Not really.  They were a gift and I like the way they look"
He wants to find someone missing the other foot so they can split pairs of shoes

Rattle comes by, happy with having returned my small black lighter
Which I only brought so that smokers could borrow

Heroes are swapping stories of cons gone by
Arc Attack:  Telsa coils, sparks, and water

And then we collectively head up to the 9th floor
To the noise and lights and music and technology
  

  

I'm wearing punk rock pants
Strix thanks me for wearing them
I got super drunk and talked to him about Monads
Claims to be "functional-curious" 
He's a sweetie, a shameless flirt 
Filled with residual lasciviousness
But no harm at arm's length

He spreads his lock picking tools on the table
There's much less contention then at Lockpick Village
And much more fun with (con in Spanish) tension and tumblers

  

A table filled with Legos
labeled Minecraft 3D

  

And a pile of candy on the table
Usually I'd say that it seems legit
But after the Pedo talk I know it's bait

  

The smell of Bacon wafts though the air
The King of Pancakes sits down with us

And between it all we keep stabbing at Kryptos
A few hours of sleep and day starts again

A Titan's game is approaching
So there are packs of Bengal fans roaming
My laces just so happen to reflect both team's colors
In the elevator I'm told:
"Nice shoes."
"Thanks"
"One lace is OK.  The orange one"

Today is the demonstration of the Fusion Reactor
Allow me to briefly explain nuclear physics in 30 minutes
The plasma glows blue and lovely
And here we've created a little star

And like he fiddles with knobs of vacuum and water and what-not
I'm balancing my chemicals
Too awkward, apply booze.  Balance it with caffeine.
Too quiet, add some water.  Ibuprofen, a dash of sleep.

How appropriate that Elonka's Wikipedia talk
Is dominated by user-generated content in the form of questions

The hog roast for dinner is delightful
The smell of a hayride, people cutting off ears

Tom's drunken rant closes down the con
Fortune favors the bold
But amusement tolerates the italics

Go ahead and hug your whiskey
But never lose your whimsy 
The world has enough exits
It doesn't need another asshole

  

Hula hoop girl is handing out shots
Danger lies down that road
I'm drinking from Kenshoto, Mr. Yuk for laughs
My bottles for the weekend have been carefully provisioned
To avoid both sobriety's condescending calmness
And excessive drunken, dopey yelling
(4oz x 3 and 8oz in the finale)

  

  

The time change snuck up on me
We stayed up late enough to live the same hour twice
We banned a vandal of Black Mass "he's probably drunk"

I'm talking to a programmer, re water jets
and I find it hard to stifle laughter
he's slurring so heavily and looks like a magician


$ cd ..
