Friday, 3/27
Left 4:35
St. Louis around 11:00 Friday.  Rainy & windy for a while.
Joplin, Mo about 4:00 AM Sat


Saturday, 3/28
8:30ish  MOTH!!  more washing off of bugs
Gas at .939


Ate breakfast at rest stop
Stopped at scenic overlook and took pics by Turner Falls area Hwy 35 + 77


1st day in Texas and Ryan got his 1st injury.
We went to the wrong Hampton - North instead of South side.  
When Mike & Ryan were getting back in the van Mike closed Ryan’s hand in the door.


Got to the right motel and hung around the pool for a while
Ate dinner outside at TGIFridays.  
Watching bats fly out from Congress bridge.  
750,000 Mexican tail-free bats.  
The world’s largest urban bat colony.  
Drove around for a while and saw the state capital.


Sunday, 3/29
Got up and headed for Natural Bridge caverns.  Got there at 8:45
It was guano-rific.  We saw 5,000 year old bat guano that was still moist.


Then we went to sea world.  I enjoyed feeding the dolphins.  Mike fed the sea lions and some kid dropped his shoe in there.  The sea lions took it all over the place before the lady threw a bunch of fish in there and the guy scooped it out with a net.  Mike & I went into the wave pool.  The roller coaster (the shark) was cool.  The shows were cool.  Mike did a climbing wall.  Jon bought a hat.  I bought a t-shirt and earrings.  We stayed ‘til 7:50 then headed towards Corpus Christi where we camped at the visitor’s center.  In a van down by the river.


Monday, 3/30        
Found hotel where we’re staying tonight and asked where a good place for breakfast was.  We drove and drove and found where the dolphin boat is supposed to be.  Pretty much someone’s backyard.  Then we went back for breakfast.  It was good.  Then we went to one of the many Whataburgers & called Wolfgang and the dolphin place.  The dolphin cruise was canceled because of the strong winds - Bummer!  So we went out to see Wolfgang and Heather & Wolfie II.  They were very nice and Wolfie II is cute.  We left there to go to the beach.  Padre Island.  It was very windy!  We were attacked by birds (laughing gulls).  As soon as they saw the cheez-it box they swarmed us.  It was really cool.  They take the cheese-its right out of our hands.  We walked around a little.  Climbed the dunes even though there were “warming snakes” signs.  We didn’t see any snakes, but we saw a couple lizards.  Then we headed for Anamsa Wildlife refuge.  Texas is very flat!  The wildlife refuge was really cool!  We saw a couple armadillos and a javelina up real close.  We did some bird watching and we saw a ‘gator we could’ve reached out and touched - if we were brave enough.  Then it started getting late so we thought we should start heading back.  Then we saw a big pack of wild boars with babies.  We watched them forage for food for a while.  Then we continued around the loop which was longer than we thought and it was time for them to close the gate.  But the cool thing was that we surprised a lot of animals who thought it was safe to come back out.  I tried to call the number on the brochure to let them know we were still in the park, but there was no answer.  And we almost hit a deer.  Anyway, we finally made it out the gate about 15 minutes after they were supposed to close it.


In Texas people always pull onto the shoulder to let you pass them up.


We got to our hotel about 8:00 and took well-needed showers.  
Headed downstairs for something to eat.  
After we ate Jon complained about our room being stinky (moldy smelling); we got a new one.  
A great view of the bay.


Tuesday, 3/31        
Ko the convenience store for breakfast and we thought we’d eat on the beach, but it was pretty windy and the gulls saw that we had food so we went into the pool area and ate.  
Ryan & Dave swam.  Jon, Mike, and I went into the kite museum.


We went for a walk to the observation deck by the big bridge.  We saw dolphins!  It was really cool.  We called the Dolphin connection again and Sonya said it was still too windy so we called Woody’s Dolphin & Nature Cruises and booked us on a 2:00 cruise.  We drove out to Port Aransas and I mailed a postcard to Mom & 1 to Danny.  There were only 4 other people on the boat (besides us & Hans (the captain) and Steve “the critter expert”)  It was a lot of fun.  We saw several dolphins and got real close.  Steve also collected some sargasso grass and we took a look at all the critters that hang out on that - like little shrimp and slug-like things.  We looked at plankton with a magnifying glass.  Then they dragged a net and caught a stingray, some crabs, squid, catfish, spade fish, shrimp, sand dollars, and a handful of other fish.  He put the safe stuff in a shallow tank for us to touch.  Ryan got squirted by a squid.  “He was attacked by a giant squid”  We also saw several kinds of pelicans (white, brown), gulls, etc.  And a 1858 Confederate lighthouse.  


Then went driving along the beach on Padre Island.  Jon found a big diving knife.  Then we met Heather for dinner at Joe’s Crab Shack in Corpus Christi.  It was a cool place.  It had a bunch of stuff hanging all over, including a giant shark big enough for Dave to live in.  I got BBQ blue crab which was very good, but took forever for me to eat.  I think from now on I’d like to have my shellfish already shelled (c.f. Honduras).  I After we said “goodbye” to Heather we headed south.  We slept at a visitor center in Kingsville.  


Wednesday, 4/1 
In the morning we headed for South Padre Island, where we spent the morning at the beach.  We bought a day pass for $4.  The beach was nice and covered with shells.  We went to the Hotel - Holiday Inn, Fort Brown.  It was real nice.  A tropical setting, with 2 pools, a waterfall, and lagoon right outside our door.  We hung around the pool for a while, then we walked over to Mexico.  It was an adventure.  We reluctantly took a bus to the marketplace.  It was scary.  Shopping was a lot like the markets in Jamaica.  But there were a ton of Mexicans shopping and only a few tourists.  There was a group of college students who said “Hola!” to us.  I bought a shot glass and Ryan bought a pair of key chains and Dave bought a necklace.  Oh, it was 35 cents each to get in and 25 cents to get out.  We adopted a kid looking for hand outs.  It was “Muy interesante” said Dave.  We followed a few Americans to a bus back to the states.  We got very sunburned so Jon and I went to an HEB for aloe.  We went back to get the other 2 & headed for Los Cam… for dinner.  It was a fancy looking place that served fillet mignon and quail, but it had a drive through.  They were OK but not great.  We were pretty wiped-out so we went back to the hotel to sleep.


Thursday, 4/2
1st thing in the morning we had some visitors from the Mohawk duck community.  Ryan and Dave feed them crackers from their hands right outside the patio door.  Jon, Dave, and I watched some kind of creature poking their heads out of the water.  Either long-necked turtles or snakes. 


We hung around the hotel for a while.  Jon & I by the pool, Mike & Ryan watching TV.  
Dave went for a walk to “Little Mexico” - Elizabeth street in Brownsville.  Dave had fun.  He bought a video en espanol “Ahi esta el detalle”  - a PG rated comedy.  It wasn’t as crowded as Mexico and noone wanted to sell him anything.  He did it all barefoot.  He also saw a snake in the water.  Someone told him he sees king snakes all the time.  We think that might be what we saw in the hotel lagoon.


Jon asked at the desk about other towns in Mexico and she recommended Nuevo Progresso - So that’s where we headed.


We stopped at a McDonald’s for lunch.  They didn’t have shakes.
We had a great day shopping in Mexico!  
Ryan got his “really big hat” and a whip.  Mike got some bongos and a coconut monkey.
I got some blankets and other stuff.  I had a margarita.  Then I held out my empty cup to a couple of tourists who laughed and said I needed to learn to play the accordion.  We saw them later as we were leaving - they held an empty cup out to me.  It was very funny!  We liked this town better- there were a lot more tourists and real shops, rather than street vendors (but there were plenty of them, too).  Mike was asked several times if he wanted his shoes polished.  They never asked barefoot Dave.  Make gave 25 cents to the one-armed man.  He said “Gracias”  Ryan gave him some change, too.  Dave was asked “Como se llama?”  about his shirt (He was wearing his Che Guevara Rage shirt)


Then we went to Santa Ana wildlife refuge.  Pretty cool place with dirt trails and Spanish moss.  We saw some lizards and snakes but nothing really exciting.  We also got eaten up by mosquitos.


On the way back to the hotel traffic was held up because a guy was driving a refrigerator down the street on a tricycle.  We made it an early night so we could get an early start back to San Antonio in the morning.


Friday, 4/3
The roadsides are full of beautiful, pink, purple, yellow, and orange flowers as well as all the blue bonnets.  There are also many prickly pear along the road that are in blossom.  


We were stopped by Border Patrol just north of San Manuel and asked if we were all U.S. citizens.


We made it to San Antonio around 10:00  We park near the Alamo.  It was pretty.  Smaller than I expected.  The river walk (Paseo del Rio) is beautiful!   I enjoyed the shops in La Villita and the outdoor theater.  We ate lunch at the Guadalajara Grill near La Villita.  My margarita made me very sleepy so I took a little siesta on a park bench.  Then we went up in the tower of the Americas at Hemisfair park.  It was cool ‘cuz you could go outside.  The construction trucks looked like Tonkas.  We all were feeling a little wiped out so we checked out a couple more shops.  Then we headed for Austin to watch the bats up close.  That was cool; you could hear them fluttering.  We left for Dallas.  Dallas looks neat at night.  The Hampton was real nice.  The kids didn’t want to leave the MTV.  


Saturday, 4/4
Left Dallas about 8:00.  
It’s getting colder.  
We’re done with the shorts weather for a couple of months now.  
Stopped to check on the prices of the Arbuckle Wilderness center.  
Too much - $10.95 each & food for the animals.
