-Don’t forgets-
Dave’s mystery books


Thurs 3/20        
Left O’hare at 8:55 (a 15 min. delay due to too many planes) 
Nice plane.  UA 777 TV monitors in seats


Fri 3/21        
Arrive in Frankfurt 10 min. early (11:55)  
Met Pete (& his friend Ben/Bernt) after claiming baggage.  
Picked up our rental car - nice green Mercedes 230.  
Went to Pete’s to drop off stuff then went with him to Frankenstein’s castle.  
Ryan suffered his first injury of the trip, tripping on a castle step.  
During Oct. they have spooky parties there.  It was pretty cool.  
Great view of Frankfurt & Darmstadt.


Oh, the best thing is Spring is here!!  
Daffodils, forsythias, and magnolias blooming.  
But it was pretty cold on top of that hill walking around the castle.  
I got so cold I couldn’t stop shaking.


Went to Die Theke for lunch/dinner.  
I got some kind of hot red wine.  
And onion soup which was very good and warmed me up.  
Jon ordered goulash soup which was also very good.  
The boys got brats because they didn’t know what to get so Pete’s friend ordered for them.  Actually, he ordered for all of us because he’s German and we hadn’t a clue.  
Pete got Jagerschnitzel which was very good.  
We also learned that Wienerschnitzel is beef and all the other schnitzels are pork.


We went to sleep way too early.  So now I’m writing this at 23:11 (11:11)
If Pete gets off early enough we (Jon & I) are going with him to the Cuckoo’s nest.


Sat 3/22        
Well, we were dozing off when the phone rang.
So Jon & I went to the Kuckucks (correct spelling) Nest.
From about 2:00 AM til closing (3:00) 
Met Tom, Mike, and Cheryl(?)  We had fun.  They played “B95” (dance) music.
Tried some good stuff.  They like to clink their glasses together and say “Ja!”  
Pete bought Jon a hat - right off of the bartender’s head!  
We drank big, tall, sturdy, steins of beer.  
Then we went back to Pete’s and talked ‘til the sun came up.  
Then Pete went to bed and we left for Heidelberg.  
Oops, 1st we stopped at a bakery in Gresham and got who-knows-what.  
In Heidelberg we stop and got milk and some kind of chocolate milk.  
However, we couldn’t get out of the parking garage.  
Everyone else “put the card and drove off”  but it didn’t work for us.  
After several tries, Dad went in and got our ticket validated.  
Then we could “put the card in and drive away”  
Added to Family Idioms
The Heidelberg castle was really neat.  
It is very big and really cool looking.  
Mike stomped on a rock and the fountain came on.  
It’s a deep moated castle with high walls.  We didn’t pay the 4 DM to go in.  
We just walked around the outside and bought a couple of postcards and Ryan got a keychain.  We had to drive through a tunnel to get there and went past a “beware of frogs” sign.  
But we didn’t see any frogs.


After that we headed for Rothenberg. We stopped at a cafe along the way.  Dave and I got Kaffe, the other 3: cokes.  Dave had a hard time pouring his cream, but had fun dissolving his sugar (zucker) cubes.  Then we drove along “romantic road” and stopped at a cute town called Rottingen & took some pictures.  Then we passed a small town called Taubersel.  It had a small river running through it and there were water mills.


We arrived in Rothenberg at about 2:00.
Way cool medieval walled city.  First we walked around the top of the wall.  Then we did the inner city.  Some neat old buildings.  Cool town square.  Bought some ornaments at Kathe Wohlfahrt’s.  Ate at Pizzeria Roma.  Jon & I got schnitzel sandwiches, Dave got a hamburger.  Ryan & Mike - Pizza w/ salami, ham, and mushrooms.  Good food, not too expensive.


On way back to Darmstadt Jon (with encouragement from the bays) took the car up to just over 200 km/h  (125 mph)


We watched Alaska - went to sleep


Sun 3/23        
Got up around 7:00 AM when Pete came home.  Talked with him ‘til his friend Pter, and his wife came to take us along the Rhine & to Marksberg castle.  First we went to the starting point of the River tour.  It was a big, huge statue that we saw later from the other side of the Rhine.


Saw a lot of cool castles along the Rhine.  Then we went to Marksburg.  It was nice to have Peter with us to translate the German tour guide for us.  It had some cool narrow stairways and stuff.  IT was neat!  They were also nice enough to buy us a Rhine legend’s book.  I bought a postcard and shot glass.  Then we ate lunch at the castle restaurant with a view overlooking the Rhine.  Ryan & I had dumplings with mushroom gravy.  Jon had a boiled pork chop with kraut.  Mike had an omelet thing and Dave had schnitzel.  IT was all very good and reasonably priced.
We headed back towards Greisham via Oppenheim, stopping at a couple places for pictures.  And we took a long but narrow winding road up a vineyard covered hill.  We tried to visit another castle but the people living there weren’t doing tours at the time.


we took the ferry across the Rhine.  Came “home”  Jon went & got a pizza.  Watched a little (the end of) Police Academy on German TV.  Then went to sleep


Mon 3/24
Got up around 4:00 (when Pete came home).  We got our stuff together and headed south. 


We went through a very long tunnel in Bade-Baden, then we went up a mountain starting around the look out tower on Schwarzwald-hochstaBe.  We found snow.  Then around Freudenstadt we started back down the mountain.  Through the black forest - which wasn’t as black as we would’ve thought.  We didn’t stop at any lookout places since it was very foggy/snowy/ rainy.  There were a lot of really tight hairpin curves.  It looked really cool.  
I think Jon had fun ?!
The buildings are very beautiful with murals and trim and flower boxes, even off the beaten path
Drinks (trinks) don’t come with ice.


We stopped at a beautiful town called Hornberg and bought bread & butter from the baker and pretzel globs and trinks.  We bought ham (shinken) and some cheese and mustard from the grocer.  Then we drove on to Triberd, ate lunch.  Walked along the waterfall.  It is very beautiful.  Never made it completely to the top.  It was a strenuous walk up and a slippery walk down, but well worth it.  We did a little shopping in Triberg.  Looked at cuckoo clocks.  Ryan bought 2 key chains.  I bought 2 things for the tree.


Then we headed down south.  We decided to skip Freiberg because of time & weather.  So we went to the beginning of the Rhine river near Neahsa, but it is in Switzerland.  The border patrol dudes looked a little scary, but we made it in and out without any trouble.  The Rhine falls is beautiful and much bigger than we expected.  There was a water mill there and a real live Swiss Fisherman.  It was just starting to get dark when we left there and began our journey towards Fussen.  We drove along the Boden sea which was very pretty at night.  The nearly full moon was big and bright peeking out from the mountains in the background.  At around 10:00 we started looking for a place to sleep and we began to realize that with the exception of a few very expensive hotels, all the guest houses, etc. were closed for the season.  We stopped at a hotel / guesthouse information center and found the names of 2 guest houses that were reasonably priced and on our route.  We went to find them.  The first was not much of a problem, but we thought we’d check out the other one too.  We followed the signs around and around and around and ended up back where we started.  We tried one more time then gave up and went back to the first place.  Went to the door and found out they were closed.  We were very tired but decided to go on to the next town.  On the way, just a little ways past the sign that said to turn, was the 2nd place we were looking for.  It was closed, too.  So we headed down the road.  First, we stopped at McDonalds and got drinks.  They put ice in the drinks there!  We started to consider the fact that we might have to sleep in the car.  We came to a town called Isny.  Again there was 1 expensive hotel & asked for a double room for the night and we didn’t mention the kids who waited in the car.  So we kinda snuck them in & out.  A double in Germany is 2 single beds pushed together in a small room.  It did have a bathroom with a tiny shower.  Jon and I shared one bed, Ryan slept in the other.  Mike slept in one corner of the room.  Dave slept in the other.  It was cozy, but we were glad to stretch out and get some sleep. 


Tue 3/25
In the morning Jon paid the bill and we snuck the kids out and headed for the 2 castles near Fussen.  It was a very scenic drive.  Snow covered mountains in the background, green farms in the foreground.  Near Fussen we pulled onto a small road to take a short walk in the Bavarian forest, which was much blacker than the Black Forest.


We stopped at a bakery just outside of fussen then headed into town.  We expected to see signs showing the way to Neuschwanstein, but all we could find where signs saying Konigschloss.  It took a while before I remembered “konig” means king.  We planned to see Neuschwanstein first.  The book said tours start everyday at 8:30 and it was a little after that.  But the tours for that castle didn’t start ‘til 10:00 so we went to Hohenschwangau - Ludwig’s childhood home, first.  There was just us and another family of 3 taking the tour at that time.  You need 20 English speaking people to get an English tour.  So I bought a guide book.  Both castles are extremely beautiful.  It’s a long hike up to Neuschwanstein, but well worth it.  We would have liked to have gone to Mary’s bridge, but the weather didn’t cooperate.  Rainy and yucky!


The autobahn is not as scary as I expected
Passing on the right is strictly verboten!!  So you don’t have people zig-zagging all over.
Also, watch your speed in towns or where limits are posted
They have hidden cameras everywhere - garbage cans, etc
Also, they don’t believe in directions (East, North, etc) or even road names - just cities


Headed to Munich.  Very wet drive.  
Had a hard time trying to get into Munich.
It’s a bigger city than I had expected.
Beautiful buildings & architecture, but too city-like for me.
I would have enjoyed the city more but for the crummy weather.
It was even hailing for a short time.
We did order some interesting foods at Bein.
We stayed to watch the glockenspeil and the boys bought some “Super Gross Dickmans”


We headed up towards Nuremberg.  I’m writing this in a very dark car.  
Drove home.  Got home around 9:30


Wed 3/26        
Slept ‘til about 8:00.  Never did see Peter.
Headed for Nuremberg around 10:00.  We actually found a traffic jam - 2 guys were fixing a pothole.  They have zigarette machines everywhere in Germany.  And when someone needs a cigarette they’ll get one.  Even the driver of a car at a red light.  Nuremberg is a fairly large city.  We went to the Bahnof (train station) for information.  And went to a corner restaurant for lunch.  I had goulash with noodles.  Dave had shinken mit nudel (he’s the shinken man)
We walked around Nuremberg.  First we moved the car - we were almost a half hour past our meter time.  I hope we don’t have a ticket waiting for us somewhere - everything is done through the mail.
We saw the wish ring at the well.  I wished for some good weather.
We went underground and bought some shokolade.
Jon thinks the underground was cool.  There’s a lot of shops and stuff and we saw a guy painting a fish scene on the floor.
Mike enjoyed singing with the pigeons.  We also visited Zepplen.


We headed to Maulbronn for the ABbey church and monastery.  We took some small roads and stopped at a couple information “berks”  Each little town had their own.  By the time we got to the Abby it was 7:30 and dark.  The church bell started ringing and people began flocking to the church.  The place looked really cool at night.  Very huge and very quiet after the bells stopped.  It was easy to imagine yourself back in the Roman era.  Unfortunately we couldn’t see inside, but then I’m glad we didn’t miss the mood of the evening.


We went to Pete’s and left the kids there while Jon and I visited Pete at work.  He was having a bad day :(  Went home and went to sleep.  Pete said he’d probably be home around 3:00


Thurs 3/27        
We got up around 5:30 - still no Pete.  So we left a note and headed for the Netherlands.  Stopped at a wayside truck-stop for breakfast.  We had brotchen (rolls) with salamitt, rolls with cheese (kasse) But Dave had scrambled eggs (eier) with - what else? - shinken!


Headed towards Rotterdam.  It’s a big city with a lot of traffic.  We missed the exit that we wanted so we decided to skip around it.  There wasn’t anything we really wanted to see anyway.  Just the info booth (vvv).  We went to gouda (whoda) It is a neat little (actually pretty big) town surrounded by water.  There’s little bridges connecting walkways together.  They were in the process of remodeling it and moving the vvv from the town hall back to its original place.  So we were unable to get much info.  THe town hall is a neat old building.  The original part was built in 1450.  We also went into the Sint Janskerk church.  It was massive and it has extremely tall, detailed stained glass windows.  Also built in the 15th century.  We picked up some Gouda cheese, chicken, and ham (of course) and some bread for lunch.  There are people on bikes everywhere.  Mostly very old bikes with wicker baskets.  On the way out of town we saw a guy working on the street and he actually was wearing wooden shoes


We headed towards Delft - similar to Gouda.  Stopped at McDonalds for drinks & fries.  The fries come with either ketchup or fry sauce.  We tried the fry sauce.  It was good.  It’s kind of a mustardy tartar sauce.  We headed for Amsterdam.  Stopped at an info booth.  They told us we’d have to go back south for Keukenhof.  We did.  It’s a very big beautiful flower park, but also very expensive and I bought a lot of souveniers.  After that, we headed down the Nordsee coast.  There are enormous tulip and daffodil fields all around.  When we reached the sea in Noordwijk we got out of the car to walk to the beach.  It was very windy!  And sand was stinging us, but it looked cool.  The sun was just beginning to set over the sea.  Three were a lot of very nice looking Hotels in town along the beach.  We tried to stay along the seaside but kept running into subdivisions.  We followed a road that led to the beach but we had to drive over hobbels and ribbels (twice).   Then we had to go over a drembel


The rest of the drive was very long!!  We got home around 1:00 then watched an American WWII movie with German subtitles ‘til 2:30


Good Friday 3/28  
Got up around 5:00 when Pete came home.  Easy day - hung around and talked with Pete for a while.  Everything is shut down on Holidays so we knew there wouldn’t be much to do so we decided to go into Oppenheim to St. Katherine’s church.  It’s the one Peter kept telling us about.  When we got there they were having service.  We could hear the organ from the outside.  We walked around the place and looked into the bone room.  Pretty cool!  We killed some time by driving around town and outside of town.  Went back to the church and went inside.  Services was over, but there were still a few church people hanging around and a couple of tourists (like us).  Took the long way home.  Went to Darmstadt and looked at the sights in the Russian Palace.  Looks cool in daylight.  Went inside.  It had some beautiful paintings.  We were pretty zombied with only 2 hours sleep so we went back to Pete’s.  Made some Ragu and hung out for a while.  Pete and I went into the commissary, but they threw me out ‘cuz I didn’t have a military ID.  On the way back we stopped by Pete’s work and I met Lisa.  She was having a hard day, but she seems very nice and she’s very Pretty.  Pete went to work around 7:00 and we went to bed “for a little while”  Pete buzzed the door at about 1:00 AM and Jon and I went with him to the Kuckoks nest.  It’s nice to know someone with influence.  We didn’t have to pay a cover.  We stayed ‘til closing then went back to Pete’s and ate some cheese and chips and stuff.  Caught a few more “zzzs”


Sat 3/29 
Got up 6:30/7:00ish  Today’s the last day we’ll find anything open.  So we head for Maulbronn to go inside the monastery that was closed the other day.  It’s pretty cool.  Then went to Heidelberg to go inside the castle that we didn’t go inside the other day.  We went on an English speaking tour.  It was strange to be with a whole group of people you could understand.  It was a great tour.  The guide was pretty funny.  Mike was made a prince.  Oh and the lady that I sat next to on the plane was there        .  She was touring 10 cities and is heading back Sunday.  After that we did some shopping in Heidelberg.  Unfortunately, the stores started closing before we were done shopping.  They closed at 4:00  Mike still needs to get something for Tina.  We headed back to Pete’s and I started worrying that Pete didn’t grab the keys from his place before going to work.  He told us the other day that no one will be around Thur. evening ‘til Tues. Morning ‘cuz of the holiday weekend.  We stopped by his work and Jon went in.  He and Pete came out and Pete told me he didn’t have the keys.  I believed him - until I looked at Jon.  We went to Pete’s.  


Oh, we also ate in Heidelberg.  Lunch was very good and the waiter knew enough English to get us through the menu.  WE had most of it figured out before he told us.


Easter Sunday 3/30
Kids got up and after a while of talking with Pete, started hunting eggs.  Small apt. made it easy.  Got a kinda late start and went to Ronneburg castle / museum.  Very cool place.  Walked through almost the entire place.  Pete had suggested eating there, but time we got there it was time to head home and make Easter dinner.  The well at the castle was really, really deep (cool echos).  Being a Holiday, most of Germany is closed again.  Still a lot of people out walking around.  Someone out on Volkmarchs.  Cars parked everywhere and no one in sight (a little weird)


We had ham (schinken) saurkraut and stuffing.  Oh yea and white asparagus for dinner.  It was all pretty good.  Spent most of the rest of the evening packing up and getting organized.


Mon 3/31
Going home.
