Greece




Tuesday, August 13
Kos / Κως
Wednesday, August 14
Patmos / Πάτμος
Thursday, August 15
Lipsi / Λειψοί
Friday, August 16
Saturday, August 17
Sunday, August 18
Athens / Αθήνα
Monday, August 19
Istanbul
Tuesday, August 20






Tuesday, August 13
  

Flight from Istanbul lands in Athens for a brief layover
No customs to clear.  Just a stamp and we’re in Greece.
Security to get back in is surprisingly stringent.
They made me open and separate my kindle.


Lee has me watch the bags while he disappears on to the wrong side of security
Looking for a travel guide to support the proposed Jerusalem extension to the trip.
Can’t get this close to it and not…  
I’m simply exhausted.
He walks back, holding his belt like I’m in for a beating.


Kos / Κως
Population:  33,388
  

We land in the early evening, once again to no sign with my name on it.
Well, at least I wasn’t expecting one this time.
“Do you feel like John Travolta?  Cause you’re in Greece (Grease)”


The taxi is a Mercedez
We drive through vegetation and the remains of a sunset to Tigaki
We look up “thank you” but can’t figure out how to say it.


σας ευχαριστώ means thank you


This small town has two fish spas.
He’s not a real doctor, but he is a real fish.
  



Dinner at Spyros.  We have to get saganaki.
  

It’s tasty, but they didn’t flame the cheese in front of us.
No opa.  :(


This dish looks like someone put a salmon in a blender.
Note to self:  buy a bassomatic.
We later learn it’s actually fish egg paste.


“How about a peach schnaps on the house?”
Yeah, OK.


  

Down the street, order an alpha in a frosty mug (2.5).
Apparently I present my money with too much alacrity.
“Slower, slower.  It’s OK”
Sorry.  I’m still new to island time.


μπύρα means beer


“You haven’t seen red-headed girl?  Her hair was really red.”
“Like #FF0000?”
“Yeah, that red.”
“RGB high five!”


They’re playing the song from the Unipaas ad


This place is closing, so we travel further down the street.
Our waitress is Australian.  “No worries”


What time should we get up?
AM?


Wednesday, August 14


“What should I do with my beard?”
“Ke$ha likes your beard”
“Did you say Castro?  Fidel Ke$ha?”
Is that the one that sings the milkshake song?
No, that’s Kelis.  But, seriously, I shouldn’t know that.


Breakfast at Esperos.
Meals take at least an hour.
The omelette is oily, but flavorful.
Lee fails to negotiate himself one made with octopus.
Bicycles, scooters, quads driving down the street.
  



“Yeah, I noticed her.  Then I noticed her some more.”
Eyes are now on alert for a second topless sunbather.


You’re a good looking person in real life, but in your driver’s license photo you look like a fork lift driver.
Yeah, I was cursed by a gypsy.


  

More strap problems.  This isn’t the highest quality merchandise.


  

I couldn’t have put it more eloquently myself.


Lee bought some flip flops, but needs to go to the big city for contact solution.  
We take the bus.  It stops for gas.


  

We visit a pharmacy in Kos, the birthplace of Hippocrates, the father of Western medicine.
What is that snake stick called?  Rod of Asclepius.
  

Quick, capture peach hat.
Wait.  Is that Effie Trinket?




  

The little fish are still alive and flopping as the cats eat them.
Should have got a video of this.  


  

Corn from the future.  
Or just the 80s.


Sitting at the Cafe Neratzia with a view of the sea.
Lee is smoking Prince.  “I didn’t have much of a choice”
The waitress in a ponytail empties ashtrays with a cute lift of her long leg.
“So guys… I don’t see” and covers her beautiful brown eyes.
She has a smooth gliding sashaying strut.
“Can I get on your network?”  
“No.  … I’m just kidding.  I know I’m not funny.”
We laugh.  


αστείο means joke


“I have a temple of Aphrodite in my pants”


  



  

This is the tree under which Hippocrates taught.
St. Paul taught here, too.
Paul Atreides?
I don’t know who that is.  Why do you keep making Dune references?
Because I’m a nerd.


The little singing boy has a deep, mysteriously enchanting voice.
I tried to record it, but it didn’t turn out.
I’m sweating through my skull (shirt).
It’s definitely shorts weather.
Though seeing the guy on the dock in a full suit makes Lee’s wearing of pants seem less extreme.
“You should take your pants off.” I tell him.
I know, quit nagging me about that.


We’re back on a boat.  A wide yellow and blue catamaran.  A flying dolphin.
A long, loud trip.  In 5 more minutes it will be the arrival of the apocalypse.


Patmos / Πάτμος
Population:  3,047
  



It turns out that Peach hat of the apocalypse is on board.
  



The hotel is just a short walk from the dock.  
  



  

Shaving day.
OK, now you look like a psychotic used car salesman.
By my beard calculations should have shaved a day or two ago in order to be in prime shape for the wedding.


A man from the Smiling Dolphin comes out as we’ve stopped to look at his menu.
“Come back tomorrow we have big fish.  Today, small fish.”
Here’s the grill.  I don’t know what you like…
A much more mellow sell than Istanbul.


  



  

Dinner at Ostria.  A carafe of house red.
  

This is my stuffed squid.


Dog just jumped on the vespa and dude drove away with it.
That was frickin’ awesome.  


  

And then my fat dog gets off my bag to chase a dog chasing a vespa.


  

That porpoise could be stoned.  Or angry.
But not both.


  

Now, I’m by no means an expert on cephalopods, but I could’ve sworn that octopi have eight legs.
Where are the other five?


χταπόδι means octopus


He’s talking and every now and then I give him my blank “you are utterly foreign to me” look
As he goes off and on about his crusades and conquests and smokes yet another cigarette.
“What?  Don’t look at me like that”
A look of boredom and judgement and jealousy.


But seriously, who’s taking a shower?
No one is in there.
He’s steaming his shirt.
Apparently: that’s a thing.


  

We bought a bottle of wine and one of ouzo.
Lee gets the wine open with the help of the barman, despite the confusion which arises
From asking for a bottle opener and not a corkscrew.


The search for nightlife on this island is mostly fruitless.
The Ginger bar, a small recessed joint blaring Bono.
The waitress looks vaguely like Robyn
A shock of white on black hair.
We order a round of drinks
But it’s a devil of a time trying to get a second.
“I find Greece slightly annoying because of this shit”


Thursday, August 15


I slept long enough, but fretfully.  Still coughing.
It’s the first time we woke early enough to enjoy a free hotel breakfast.
The woman serving it looks like a tired Luna Lovegood.


Lee is still flummoxed by the old man and his companion.
She looks like a young model and he looks… rich.
But Lee, you have grey hair too...


Reception calls.  He found a room for us on Lipsi.
Probably the last one on the island.
He had to call all over.
“You owe me one”


Assuming that the cave of the apocalypse won’t have wifi 
I make sure to take care of the foursquare checkin before we leave.
  



  

Dammit Lee.  We haven’t been here long enough for you to have smoked this much.
He promised Heidi he’d quit on this trip 
But he’s smoking like a furnace; promises me he’ll quit after the trip
(“She’s studying to be a nurse, she’s on your side on this subject”)




  

Walking through town.  Up to the cave of the apocalypse.
Climbing up an old Byzantine road.
It’s hot as hell.


  



  

The cave is kinda spooky.
A monk who looks like a chill blending of Rasputin and Charles Manson mumbles ominously.
He seems to be anointing that girl.
Lee lights a candle.
People pray and kiss stuff.
Photography is not allowed in here.
I’m wiping sweat from my forehead.
These guys obviously took the bus.
We should have cruised up there in that cute little pink go-cart we saw.
“Don’t worry.  When I type up my journal I can say that’s exactly what we did”
  



The monk beckons us to sit and he launches into a history.  Or something.  
I have no idea what he’s saying.


Then we walk up to the monastery.  
The trek is only about a mile, all told, but what a mile.
What a view.


A dense mass of ornate history.
And tourists taking pictures.
  



We walk back down the mountain.
Lee buys some sandals and abandons the flip flops.


πέδιλο means sandal


We check out of the hotel, but leave our bags there.
He made me promise to give them a good review.  A 20 out of 10.
And then he helped recover the iPhone charger Lee left in the room.
“Now I owe you two”


  

Lee is trying to arrange a Jerusalem leg to the trip, but can’t find a seat available on a later flight back from Istanbul.
I wander up and down the road.  
To the beach, but peach hat wasn’t there.
There is a guy plucking muscles out of the water and putting them straight in his mouth.


  

Oh.  Hai.


Back to Ostria.
He orders another Octopus.  Only gets two legs this time.  They’re longer, sure, but still...
I acquire a new row.  Vergina.  Yet another mediocre lager.  2.5


There may be a Dionysian festival occurring on Lipsi tonight.
Does that make you happy?  A genuine Bacchanalia?
Hades yes.




We go into town for gelato.
Chill, chill.


  

Yeah, we did not patronize this place.  
I tend to avoid establishments sporting the IE logo.
Keep walking.


Our ferry arrives.  This one is a much bigger chugger.
Some motorcycles drive off it.  Then a car and some trucks.


  

There’s a boat on this boat.


πλοίο means ship


The soft rocking, the hum of massive engines quickly lulls Lee to sleep.
Every time he gets on a ship.
“You’d make a terrible pirate”
“That I would”


  

We watch the sun set over Patmos.


Lipsi / Λειψοί
Population: 790
  

We get off the boat and shortly after a cab comes honking through the crowd.


  

A quick cruise through town and we’re dropped off in front of this sign.  
The cab speeds away.


OK.  
No lights are on.
No people are present.
Nothing that looks like reception.
Gates are closed.  Locked.


It’s ~2100 now; night has fallen.
We walk down the street.  Knock on the door.
“Do you own this?”  Pointing at Rizos Studios.
“No.”
“OK.  Thanks.”


I walk up the street.  Guy sitting in the dark on his porch in a wife beater.
“We’re trying to check in to the room here.”
He says something like:  “I’ve been here all night and haven’t seen anything”
But it was probably actually in Greek.  He points down the street.


We hear voices beyond the gate.  
Lee shouts down.  “Do you know where the owner is?”
“Yes.  I’m here.  I’ve been waiting for you.  Sorry.”
A lovely British accent.  
This explains why the Greek on Patmos had trouble understanding her in both Greek and English.
I’m Anna.  I have a shop in the village.  If you have trouble finding me, just ask anyone.  They know me.
You’re here for the wedding?  The American wedding?


  

This is probably the loveliest room we’ve stayed in so far.
Tomorrow you have to move to the room upstairs.  To suite 3.
“You have to be up by eleven.”  Lee winces.  That’s prime sleepin’ hours.
“You don’t like that, do you?”  She seems genuinely sympathetic.  
She has probably experienced a Greek wedding or two.
We’ll wake you.  Just drag yourself up there.  You can go right back to sleep afterwards.
We’re grateful just to have a room.  OK, OK.  We’ll do it.  No problem.


We’re meeting them for drinks at 2100 at the Ouzeria.  
Which means closer to 2200.  Yeah, we’re quickly adjusting to island time.
Walking through a quaint street.  Kids playing guns, the red laser sight beads down on me.
A group of people looking at constellations labeled through a phone app.
Perseus, Cepheus, Cassiopeia.  And this is where it all started.


And we walk up and down the bay.  Is this the right place?
The island isn’t so big, no need to stress over a plan.  
We’ll run into them eventually.


  

And there they are, in front of Nick’s & Louli’s.
Lee has been preparing me, laying the groundwork.
“I’ve never hung out with Mark and Mira and not had fun”
“There’s a good chance that she’ll try to set you up with someone”
So I’m not exactly caught off-guard, but Mark and Mira are delightfully larger than life.
“The pace of this place is slow.  Especially for two people with ADD”
They are burnt from the boat-sun, but still going strong.
“I’m determined to look like a clown: bruised and broken”
An infectious enthusiasm.


Opa count:  so far, zero (I think)
Are we even in Greece?


  

Talking over alphas.
Greek wedding traditions.
“Wash me in the well, if you want”
“It ends with throwing me in the harbor”
Mira makes a face.  “Write down:  expression of wedding.”
The hanging of the sheet.  That’s not going to happen.  “Did you bring some goat blood?”


A mixture of dishes are brought with the beer.
Additionally, we order octopus.
And see, there’s an octopus on the sign.


Opa count:  one.


“This is a summer that actually feels like summer”
Yes.  This.  A thousand times this.
I’m out of that god-awful airconditioning and I’m staying up all night
Beaches and stars.  Infinite freedom.  
I’m a kid again.
It’s summer.


They ran out of alpha and so we switch to Heineken.
Mark intimates:  “My family is one swirling ball of chaos”
His brother, an actor/model named Nicholas joins the table.
This is the island of the sirens.
I feel it, I feel it.  But please don’t tie me to the mast.


A second brother, Theo, sits down.
“I don’t want to drink, but I will…”
“Theo says yes to any vice”
He rolls a cigarette.  
Old Holdborn.
We spend some time talking patent law.
He sports a large golden cross and seems particularly suited to island life.


So many new people.  We pull over two more tables.
But I don’t feel any of my usual stranger nervousness.
I’m introduced:  “He’s Lee’s friend”
“No.  He’s our friend.”


φίλη means friend


Opa count:  two.


Another round of beers arrives.
~2330 It’s suggested that we should go to the live music down the road.  
That’s the band playing at the wedding.
Yes, yes.  In time.  
Let’s just drink a bit more and then we’ll go.


The wedding party has blown up in size.  Inflated to 200.
“OK.  I’ll eat beans.  Just don’t run out of alcohol.”


In anticipation for the long haul ahead, I share some of my caffeine.  
“Thank you, dahling!”


I come out of my shell or crawl back in, based on the twists and turns of the conversation.
Talking about writing.  I start speaking about my journal.  My OCD.
“That’s a beautiful book.  I’m really jealous of that book”
“It looks a bit like the Necronomicon.”
“Let me touch it.”
And I’m fully inflated again when talking about Def Con.
Then someone puts some attention on me and I shrink again.
“Are you going to write this down?”
“You’re funny, Dave.”


But I do love that they see me.
And are not looking for faults in me.
And don’t just look for themselves in me.
And that they exaggerate the wonderfulness of every little snippet I share.


Friday, August 16


0031 and we’re still sitting here.
Anon complains that I’m useless as far as providing intel
On the group of girls sitting over there.
“Are they OK?”
I gesture, little more than a shrug.
“You wouldn’t kick them out of bed?”
He’s married, but functionally single for this event.
The men are strategizing like it’s a military campaign.
Yes, I imagine there will be a few casualties.
There’s just too much room in his heart.


Opa count:  three


We prance down the street.
“That’s our band!”


A round of Alphas arrive.
There’s some sloppy pouring.
“What’s with all this head, guys?”
“I like head!”


This dance.  “It’s very simple; you guys are all expected to dance, by the way”
All of Greek dancing is essentially walking around in a circle.
Such incredible energy.  Clapping and whistling.
Some of our group get up and try it.
The woman at the next table is consulted: “Is that the right dance?”  
“No.” she says with a smile and laugh.


Opa count:  four+


The father of the groom shows up.
“How did you get into that business?”
“I bought a building.  It wasn’t good for anything else.  I had to turn it into an art gallery or a funeral home.”
And he opted for the latter.


He (who?) asks me:  “Are you an israelite?”
No.  I’m not.  
“You seem like an even-keel guy, easy to get along with”
Lee mentions that I’ve gotten pissed at him a number of times
“Yeah, well this guy, on the other hand, I see a twinkle of trouble in his eye”


A particular song results in a semi-circle of women.
Dancing in their long dresses, full of colors.
Fabric flowing over long, lean bodies.
I must learn the name of this song…


The next song has the men up, squatting, clapping.
They take turns on the floor.  
This one, whirling with a child on his shoulder steals the show.


Down the road and to a more contemporary club.  
And now they’re playing “Sexy Back” and me without my Timberlake hat.
And their eyes are arrows and the race is on.
Local girls are considered a challenge since they have a reputation to maintain
But tourists are fair game…
A breeding ground for regret
I find this scene more seedy than sensual
But to me it’s just an alien, interesting petri dish.
Lee’s rolling borrowed smokes and is sans filters now.
I am entranced by the noise.  Colors.  Motion.  Interactions.
And did I just do a shot of Tequila?
Johnnie, the Tazzie tells me that this is a bad DJ.
He’s not matching the BPM from one song to the next.
We tried to move towards food, 
But someone poured some Hawaiian-punch based jungle juice in my mouth 
And somehow we wound up back here.
Lydia, the quintessential siren, breaks her second glass of the night and this time it’s mine.
So she apologizes profusely and gives me hers.
And now once again, I’ve lost my words.  
And so in a protective role, Lee leads me home.


  

We wake and move upstairs.  Somehow on schedule.
Yes, this view is even more gorgeous.


Buying shampoo from the market, Nicholas walks in.
This shopkeep, that’s my cousin.  
And after this I’m going to the Bakery / Coffee Shop.
It’s run by my other cousin.  
Practically everyone on this island is related.


  

  

Lee is on a quest for a pack of cigarettes.
We ask directions and he motions and mentions 100m.
Well, that’s the sea.
The British shopkeeper mistook Lee for a Greek.  That’s a life dream fulfilled.
We head down the street and he buys a pouch of L&M and some papers.
Then we head to the bakery.


A credit hour of ancient history over coffee.  
You can’t swing a dead cat without hitting a ruin.
Dad used Nick’s toothbrush to pick stuff out of his teeth.
He’s understandably upset and staying with his aunt tonight.


His cousin was out to 6am.  Did you have red bull, a coffee? 
“No.  The women, they give me power.”
Rather archaic in gender relations “Lipsi is like the ghetto.  I got my baby mama and another baby mama.”
Males are expected to hold their liquor and pursue the women.  Women are expected to hold their virtue.
“Actually, it’s the wild west.  Lawless”


Greek orthodoxy is rather intensely traditional.  They told Mira that she couldn’t laugh in the church.  
Ha!  I can’t imagine that.


OK, we’re meeting right there at the taxi stand at 1330 to go to the beach.
So, it’ll be more like 1400 Greek time.


  

And now we’re looking for the Hotel Aphrodite.
But all these building look the same.
Yeah they do.  White and blue.
We ask a random person for directions.  
Okay, to that car and then to the right.


Theo explains that the Greeks, they like this drink (Frappe, whipped Nescafe) because you can drink it for hours.
Drink it down, pour some more water and drink it down again.


“I am violently, violently passionate about Ohio State.”
Lee deftly baits, barbs, and antagonizes Sarah and she howls.
He has a more practiced subtlety than the blunt belligerence I remember from our college days.
No, tell me how you honestly feel about LeBron?
It’s a conversation that I dare not dip into.
Also:  the mean streets of Warren, Ohio.
And to her credit she got a totally sober Lee to dance to the Harlem shake.


It’s now 1400 and Nicholas shows up here.  Wheels continue slowly rolling on the beach plan.
There’s another of Mark’s brothers.  Angelo.  He’s genial beyond belief.
Sarah snaps a rhythm as he spits faux beat poetry.  “Your facebook has become your life’s crook”
“I’ll see you later.  I expect three pages by then.”


Mark and Mira sit with us a for a sandwich.
Mark makes the consummate host.  Gracious, interested and interesting.
And Mira earlier ran into this group of single Athenian girls.
“Are you looking for single American men?”  They said yes.  
She told them to listen for the American accents.
Tell them you’re friends with Mira and you’re in.
For you, you, and especially you, but not you.
She points lastly at Pedro, the Portuguese husband of her sister, Rima.
Aww, the sister’s names are anagrams.
Pedro looks like Orlando Bloom (dare I say, mixed with Gerard Butler).
And because he lives in Dubai he needs a special license and a letter of non-objection from his company to buy alcohol.




  



This AP is sooo slow.  Mark explains that it’s because there are lurkers.
It looks like it’s only us.  But there’s that guy in the truck.
There’s people hiding in the bushes.


And now it’s 1517.  If you guys are going to the beach you should go.
We end up back at the Bakery for some coffee and Internet.
Lee needs to chat with Heidi.
  



  

And then we head back down to the Aphrodite.
Strategizing with Chris and Sarah.
Sarah leaves to take a nap.
She’s been up since 2.
Travelling.
  

We start the 40 minute trek to the beach we think that our compatriots are at.
And then we see them truck-riding in the other direction.  
So we turn around and swim for a while.
In the beach that will give you MRSA.
A simple, sandy beach.  
Right in front of Aphrodite.
The water is a fair temperature.  Refreshing.
(Lee is emphatic that the accurate term is cold)
Bah.  It’s comfortable after you submerge.
The taste of saltwater.  The stickiness on the skin.
I haven’t put on sunscreen this entire trip and haven’t really burned yet.
Today we’re tempting the moirai.  Clotho, Lachesis, and especially Atropos.
Theo and Angelo show up and join us.
“Whoa, guys.  Scope out black and white bikini.”
“Good call, Chris.”
“Make a journal entry on that, Dave.”


Hey, maybe our papou was the inspiration for Popeye.
He has the forearms, the tattoo, he was a sailor.
Lee and I exchange a knowing smile.
Actually, I live near Chester…
I’ve seen the statue.


We walk back to the room for a quick shower and Lee writes postcards.
A dinner is scheduled for 1900.  The plan is to meet for a taxi at 1845.
We’ll see how that goes.
It’s a rehearsal dinner, kind of a big deal.  But logistics are…
Lee catches the first cab.  I can’t fit.  So I follow Mark and Angelo.  It’s 1900 now.
The family is fairly independent-minded.  It’s like we’re herding cats.
Talking design with Angelo.  “Now I know your backstory”
Mother is in the beauty salon.  She decided now was the time to get her hair done.
The two brothers form an iron fist and a velvet glove.
She’ll arrive at the dinner as soon as she can.
Next to retrieve the father.
And thereby I get to meet papou.  AKA Popeye.
I carefully avoid writing about this, but later it’s said:
“He’s catching up on his notes; writing about the open-door shower conversation with our Dad.
He was backing towards the door…”


And so, I arrive with the groom, not too terribly late, to his dinner.
Dilaila Katsadia.


Theo is unnaturally attractive to mosquitoes.  
Reading aloud the research on the underlying reasons.
Sweat.  Check.  Alcohol.  Check.


Mark is in flip flops and Angelo next to him in Gucci shoes.


  

Sarah shows us the picture of the skull of a child that has yet to lose their baby teeth.
Cool…  It’s beautiful (in a frightening, alien way).
You weren’t supposed to react like that.


Yammas is cheers in Greece.  
Yammas! 
Kesak in cheers in Lebanon.
Kesak!  
And then we collect cheers in nine additional languages.  What a talented table.


The conversation with Mira’s father occurs mostly in French.
His English and our Arabic are not so strong.


“What a nice necklace you have.  Is that from Lebanon?”
“No, TJ Maxx”


“I made you snort.  Victory for me!”


Another cheer.  “And that happened…”
“We’re disturbing the tourists.”
“No, we are the tourists!!!”
“David’s writing that down.  Look, his face is turning red”
“Now, was that three exclamation points or four?”


“The rumors re: goat testicles are true.  It did increase my manliness.”


“Are you writing about gay chicken?”
“No.”


  

And then food arrives.
Unidentifiable dishes are passed around.
Tuna tartare, tomato and cheese.
Watermelon salad is surprisingly good.
Angelo raves: “Put this in your journal”


Sarah asks around to get more information on the evil eye on the front of my journal.
It’s to protect you from karmic consequences when people say nice things about you.
“Basically, ‘haters gonna hate’ that’s what that is.  Oh, I made you snort again.”  


They’re the Greek “Arrested Development” and each brother fills a very different niche.


And then it’s the main course:  rabbit.
A very communal meal.  Passing around, sharing everything.
Is it OK that we’ve forgone silverware?
Angelo explains:  As our grandfather said (to our father while he was dating our mother)
“Meat and women require hands.”
Now take a moment to stop and think how the courtship would have progressed
Had he ended that sentence with “forks”


  

And then a dessert to die for.
Yoghurt/Marmalade/Honey, Bananas and Stuff.
“I don’t see you digging in”, Rima says to me.
I had, I say.  Showing my spoon.  


And I want to keep these feral eyes.
Eager, excited, soaking it all in.


They take to their phones to document the event real-time.
As a tech junkie I get it, but that’s not how I operate.
I need time to reflect.  To analyze, synthesize.


It’s ~2300 and we’re waiting for the restaurant to turn into a club.
Talking finance over espressos.  I drop a Foosh.


Mira pleads with Rima: “Come dance by the water.”
“I hope you can get my husband to come”
By the bay bathed in moonlight.
Dance Pedro, dance.  


Lee’s standing at the bar with a cocky sort of lean.
And once again is mistaken for a Greek.


The music starts up and that looks like fun.
I wander around the edge of the floor, a moth to the flame.
Nicholas shakes my shoulders, offers a demonstration and says: “C’mon take this off”  
I protest, explaining that I can’t dance, but I do set my bag down and dance.
(c.f. Electriquarium and “The cool thing about techno…”)
“And you said you couldn’t dance…”


Saturday, August 17


We’re walking, Lee, Chris, Sarah, and I back to town.
What is that?  It’s a dog.  A tiny llama.  A dog-llama.


“You’re quiet, David.  I’m not criticizing, just stating an obvious fact.”
I nod in the darkness.  Saying anything in response would lessen the veracity of the statement.
Sarah has taken to calling me Q.  
Quiet.  
Also: it’s a Star Trek reference that I should’ve high-fived.
She’s a sailor (Navy).
Says that pilots are prima donnas, but did not elaborate on how she feels about the marines.
That’s not a shore I want to breach, since all I can add to that conversation is how my two bulldog brothers feel about the Navy.
“We’re a department of the Navy...  The men’s department.”


I wouldn’t suggest sleeping this early, knowing what’s to come.
But they head off to bed.
Lee and I watch the moon set into the bay, red reflection on the water.
He lies on the couch for this therapy session.  I hadn’t really realized the depths to which he had plunged…
We talk about future travel plans.  There is India.  And there is Tokyo.  And Sao Paolo.  And so much more.
Around 4am it’s getting cold.
And I’m reaching snoozy-time.  
As he crosses from the balcony into the room his finger starts a bleeding profusely from a strange three pronged wound
That he cannot recall receiving.
We take a stroll through town, using the light of his phone to look for shells at the beach.
We stare deep into the milky way.  And this is my time, my scene.  I am that which walks the night.
All is quiet; I can talk in my conversational whisper and still be heard.  Every word.
We get back to the room around 5.
I go swiftly to sleep, but apparently my snoring kept Lee up until sunrise.
You’re welcome?  [I’m sorry]


We rouse and start to take care of the business of the day.
Along the way we find Mark’s father
A shirtless, excited Robert De Niro ranting about the difficulty in obtaining a 3G signal on the island.
We need to find some Wifi.


  

The streets are littered with orange bullets.
I feel a little like Pac Man.


Have we just accidentally stumbled upon the edge of the well ceremony?
We reroute.


Johnnie  is sitting in front of a cafe.  “Dress light; it’s gonna be a hot one”
Visiting closed Anna-related shops and then a quick Skype call 
Walk back up to the Studios and someone manages to find us.
We juggle bills until she stops us.  Takes four fifties and says “ten euros”
So now we have leave to sleep in tomorrow until noon, when we need to boogie down to the ferry.
Also:  we now have the wifi password.
We have a half-hour window to get our ferry tickets. 
After hearing about only a fraction of the fracas involved in planning the wedding
(Poor Mark, too nice a guy for this level of malarkey)
I was afraid that the day’s logistics would stymie us harder than they did.
Just a smattering of cortisol and we’re free to chill again.


  

At night we see a solid blue light shining next door.
“Do you think that’s the router (WAP)?”
“No.  It’s not blinking.”
In the light of the next day it seems to just be a fish.


“You mean, I can’t bring my notebook?”
“No, you can’t bring anything, David.  I know these people.  They are nervous enough; try not to overdo the weirdness.”
So I start to take notes in my discrete, pocketable Asplundh notebook.
One of many that I inherited from my dear, departed grandfather.
  
  



The wedding is imminent and we’re last-minute primping and preening.
After some water spray mishap Lee irons, including my ratty shirt.  “How old is this?”
Old.  But it’s my only short-sleeve button shirt that doesn’t have an outlandish pattern.


  

Hey, isn’t that the wedding party walking down the street?


We head down to the windmill.
This man comes around with a platter
Passing out shots of Martini.
Celebrate!
Those heels are impossibly high.
Tourists gawk as we clap and cheer.
How long have you guys been pre-gaming?
Mark’s father has something spilled on the front of his shirt.  “What was that?”
“I don’t know, but I want some more of whatever it was”
What a wonderful energy.
These are the moments most difficult to capture.
Because it’s not about imagery, it’s not about erudition.
It’s a certain sort of kinetic je ne se quoi.


  

We start walking to the church and a random van picks us up.
The whole ceremony is outside.  And there’s a cooler with beer.
Everything is in ancient Greek and repeated 3 times (for the holy trinity).
Mark and Mira were the only two words I recognized.
Despite being as lost as the rest of us wrt content, the bride and groom continue to smile radiantly.
People mill about and converse.
The ceremony isn’t long, it’s over in less than an hour.
  

We walk the line and kiss the cheeks and then kiss the bible.
It’s smeared with lipstick.


Jordan has been tasked with holding up this plant.
I guess he looks like the sort of guy that’s good for that.
And then it falls over...


Is this edible?  It might be a rock.
No, it’s a peanut covered in something.
What about this?  Is it plastic?  
If so, it’s the most delicious plastic I’ve eaten in a long time.


  

I met them two days ago and yet I made it into their official wedding photographs.  These people are awesome.  Humanity done right.


  

Lee smoking in front of the church.
And now we have some down time before the party starts.
We start walking back to town.
  

Sarah plays our soundtrack.  
Daft Punk.  Get Lucky.  
And again, we’re picked up.  Well, some of us are.
She plays Blurred Lines and Jordan shakes it in the back seat.
Lee’s still walking.


  

He drops us off by the orange.  But the party hasn’t started here yet.  So we wander away.
Pedro has the keys to the honeymoon windmill so we head over there.
  

Pour some celebratory Amaretto.  
But avoid the whirling blades of death. 
Lee goes back to our room and grabs the Ouzo.




________________


I share some more caffeine in pill form with the happy couple.
“I like this guy, he’s generous with his medication”
  



Foosh, NoDoz in 100mg and 200mg.  Should I take these all at once?
No, I’d spread them out over the course of a few hours.


  

Seriously.  If we drink too much someone is going to get decapitated by that windmill.
You, stay on this side of the table.
You’re short, so you’re safe…


We’re standing, chatting.  Waiting with the driver.
He’ll take the bride and groom to the party.
We’ll walk.


Sitting at the table.
The drink order is taken.  
We try to keep it simple, Alphas all around.
But Sarah asks for a Mythos.
Troublemaker.


Anybody else know a corny joke?
Rima tells us that “All the jokes in Lebanon are about Syrians.
And are only funny in Arabic.
And they aren’t funny now.”


It’s roughly 2200 and someone is yawning.  Don’t do that.  Not yet.
This party is considered a disgraceful failure if it doesn’t see the sun rise.
Q has a word quota per day that must not be exceeded.
And we have a full work-day worth of party left to go.
Around 7am, that’s when we can leave.




  

Roughly 2300 and Johnnie Walker, Black Label showed up.  Yeah, that happened.


Sunday, August 18


Only just after midnight and the priest is seen leaving the scene.


And now there’s vodka on our table.  Absolut.  That sounds foreboding.
I think the cameraman is the one that made that happen.


A fuse is blown?  The music suddenly stops.
It resumes.


Small dishes come round, some saganaki, but we’re still hungry.
She’s pounding silverware on the table.
Sarah says: “I want meat”
Then: “Q, don’t say anything…”
After the pork chop stuffing conversation it is perceived that I have a dirty mind
But really, there was an irresistible slow ball, a subtle insinuation, and I feel like I am the victim here.


The main course is goat, nicely spiced.


  



Apparently, we chose the wrong dance to jump in with.
These people know what they’re doing.
And this one is more riverdance than simple circle walking.
But it’s all in good fun.


I’ve wandered away from the table and now back to it.
I take a swig from what I thought might have been my glass.
Might have been a Heineken.  But no, that was more Johnnie Walker.
(And we have our eyes on capturing a second bottle of it)


Literal fireworks as they exchange the cake kiss.
An excellent cake.  A decadent taste of tiramisu.


Theo asks me:  “How are you enjoying a real greek wedding?”
It’s wonderful, wonderful.
“Are you getting it all written down?”
Oh, not the half of it…


They pull me up to clap while the father of the groom and the mayor dance.


Around 2am, they play “What a wonderful world” 
And finally the Americans are given some concession in the music department.
So they get up and dance.
I remain on the edge.  Then down a glass of vodka and…
Dance too.


“Oh, I get it...” Lee says as the kids gather around us and the rest stand to one side to watch
“Americans are like children.”


“Bend over, bend over, bend over”
And there’s a brief spanking.


Too many things to see, to do, to taste, to experience.
I’m wired and I saccade across them all, all too briefly.
An emergent awesome from an amalgamation of little things.
It’s a dim sum sampler of real life before I go back to my ersatz living.
A town full of people turning out to celebrate love in both its abstract and its implementation in two people.
“Have you filled your opa quota yet?”
“Yes.”


“Take on me” starts to play and “Let’s take a break” Nicholas says to me, “I don’t do 80s”
Around 3am it’s back to Greek music.
To my untrained senses it’s the same song after song.  Dance after dance.


  

Jordan naps on the hard concrete, Chris seems wasted.
312 and I give Sarah half a NoDoz.  “Thank you, pusher”


Lee heads off, back to our room, for some recharge and some Heidi-time.


It’s gone from sweaty hot to goosebump cold.
442 and the throwing of the bouquet.


Lead with the left food, little hop, right foot back, little hop, repeat.
This dance isn’t an insurmountable challenge, just about endurance.
I even managed to do a spin.


  

They serve us some balls of fried cheese that are too heavenly for words.
You guys are still alive?  That means:  1, 2… 7 Tequilas.
The thought, the smell of it, still makes me shudder, but that shot was surprisingly smooth.
It warms my belly.


“Let me give you some advice.  You and your husband go to bed and come back at 9am
No one will notice you missing and the party will still be going…”
But no, they stick it out.


  

And so, we have lost some along the way, but we proud few have made it.
6am.  
We all dance to a final song (with a few more shots) as the sun rises.  
  



Chicken soup is served to stave off a hangover.


  

Then they jump into the harbor.
Lee is bloodied from the egress.
The band’s set list continues unabated.


The bride and groom have wandered away.
How can she have so much energy?
We call her Mira Kulos
It sounds Greek and also like: miraculous.


Lee parades in his skivvies through the town.
Around 7am we’re back in our room.
A few hours sleep.


To the ferry.
It’s a few minutes late.  This is expected.
Such a crowd on the dock. 
Where did all these people come from?
I’m listening to The Parting Glass on my ipod.
With weepy sentimentality, starting the long goodbye to this trip.
From here on out it’s only travel days and no leisure days, no second night in the same bed.
At Patmos we pick up a crying baby.


At the airport, the loudspeaker announcer, she sounds like…  
“Whatever you’re about to say is going to be pretty nerdy, right?”
“Yeah.  One of the robots from the jawa sandcrawler.”
“Hmm…  You’re right.”


Athens / Αθήνα
Population:  3,089,698


The airport tries to, with misleading signs, lead us into a wall, onto a luggage belt.
But we manage to find the platform.
Waiting for the train.  


  

My backpack is falling apart.  I’ve had it since high school.
My mother built it.
I should take her up on her offer to repair it.
Or just do it myself.


The train is almost empty, but this guy sits next to me.
Maybe to chat, maybe for the view of the girl.
“Where are you from?  Are you traveling alone?”
He looks a little rough and makes me nervous.
He reaches into a bag and pulls out…
His phone.
He makes a phone call and walks away.


The old man holds his phone to his ear.
He makes weird faces for a while
Then I hear him speak.


  

  

Dinner with a view of the Acropolis.
But we’re both so faded, jaded.
“It’s no Hagia Sophia”
In front of these ancient ruins Lee is bitching about the wifi connection.
I order a bloody Ouzo and Lee has a red wine.
“We couldn’t swear off alcohol, even after last night?”
Lee’s not overjoyed with his meal, the chef-recommended pasta
“The chef should’ve recommended eating elsewhere…  I always wanted to say that”




  

Yes.  I always wear my tie in the water spray area.
There is a hot tub that has a view of the Acropolis.
We’d jump in if not for its weird rules.
Monday, August 19


  

This kiwi is freakin’ huge.


  

Yeah, Athens is covered in graffiti.
Signs for the Acropolis everywhere.  As if it wasn’t obvious.
It towers over everything.




  





  

“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” - Oscar Wilde


  

I love me a good naga, even if it doesn’t have a head.




  

Destroy to create.
Ouroboros.


  

We spend the day in antiquity and then take a train to our flight.
They serve us Turkey on Baguette on the plane.
That was a hard one to check off the list.


Lee is starting to feel sick.  “I told you not to kiss that bible”


Istanbul


The line for passport control is immense.  It spills far down the hallway.
But moves along quickly.  It only takes us about an hour.
And then we’re back in Istanbul.
The Istanbulkart has only enough left for me.  
Lee buys a token with the few lira he has left.
In Zeytinburnu we can’t progress.
Until he gets burned by ATM fees and we put another 20 on the card.
We shuffle off back to the safety of Sultanahmet.


  

No smoking, Lee!  No smoking!
He throws his butt on to the tracks.
“That’s the second train you exploded this trip.”


We arrange a room for the night at the Tulip.
A quiet, sweet mouse of a girl.  “No problem, no problem.  It’s fine with me.”
  

Head down to the Orient Hostel for drinks with Leah.
Warns Lee that she’s sitting with Sam, an Australian: “but she’s cool”
Her Turkish boyfriend is over there, probably staring daggers at us.
He said “I love you” fifteen minutes into their relationship.
“Well, I’m gonna go now...”
“You’ve broken my heart”
“Turkish men are so intense”
He texts her a picture:  “You are boyfriend here beby” 
“I’m Australian.  I can do whatever the fuck I want”


Leah has a 2-hour flight to Belgrade in the morning.
“Are you going to go to the airport drunk?”
“Yeah…” Like, of course.
The mustachio’d hostel man sings along with Johnny Cash
“Your own personal Muhammed.”


  

That’s the look of a man thinking about someone trying to take a picture of him thinking about whether or not he has time to get a fish sandwich.


We need to go to dinner, but Sam cannot be abandoned.
So the deal is: Leah goes up to pack.  
It’ll take her ten minutes.
All my stuff is on my bed.
Well, ten or twenty minutes.
After fifteen minutes we can leave.
She’s back after twenty two and then we head out to the Palatium for another dinner in bean bags.


  

Then we return to the Orient where we find new people at the table.
A couple from Australia:  Nicki and Mike
A couple from Denmark:  Marie and Magnus.
Teachers.  All four of them.  “It’s the perfect job for travel”
The music is too loud.  I can’t jump into this conversation.
But then they asked me a question.  About my travels.
And I start spewing words.
About Def Con.  
And now I’m explaining how to program.  “Your face comes alive”
Drawing logic gates on the back of my Turkish visa.  
“Have you ever thought about being a teacher?”
“No.  I’m not good with people.”
“Ah, nonsense.”


“My mother is a teacher.”
“Does she love it?”
“She did…”
Yes, governments and bureaucrats can ruin anything.


The Australians are impressed at Leah’s drinking ability.  Her nickname is sponge.
“I’m at one and she’s at three.”  
“Big beer killed me”


~2100 Alcohol by Gogol Bordello starts playing.  I love this song.
~2320 they play Istanbul (Not Constantinople)


Magnus has a compass rose tattoo, Marie has a small lady bug.
They are on day two of a ten month vacation.
Where are you headed next?
Eastern Europe?  We don’t know.  
He has the subtle scar of Anarchy on his right shoulder.
“I like that you compared this book to the Necronomicon.”
He’s seen the movies about a dozen times.  She hasn’t seen it yet.
You need to see this movie...
  

The guys blows şişa smoke into Mike’s dreads.  
It billows back out ominously.
Tuesday, August 20


0009  An Australian tells me how nice it is to hear MC Hammer.
0015  Thrift Shop plays.  Leah hates this song, but sings along.
Lee describes working at a gas station next to a pawn shop.
There’s an unlocked pistol with no safety and a standing order to shoot any robbers.
A second hand story of South Africans describing their country as safe:  “We were only carjacked once”
Lee’s mugging would have made the news in Denmark.
“Maybe if I’d been killed there would have been a line in the blotter”


The danes talk about the benefits of knowing a secret language.
And they are looking forward to sharpening their English.
“This helps”  glasses clink  “Cheers, mate”


Another Daft Punk song plays.  “They’re not pop, are they?”
Throughout this trip we’ve been noting occurrences of old-school Daft Punk
And contrasting this with the current state in America, where you really only ever hear their newer stuff.
So I start ranting about the bimodal distribution of the corpus of their work vis a vis pop and niche markets.
“I don’t know what all those words mean.”
“Would you care to expound, Lee?”
“No.  You got this one.”


  

This place wants to close down.
We have a ride to catch in three hours.
Sleep?  
No, how about we go across the street to the bar Sam’s boyfriend works at.
Lee buys another last pack of cigarettes.  For real, this time.


We’re drinking from towers now.
And this şişa has wine instead of water in the base.  Interesting.
Mike flips seats with Nicki.  “I want in on this beer conversation”
He was a beer judge.  “You should look into it.  You learn a lot”
I have a batch of Mikhailovich waiting for me back home.
The Russian Imperial, like the IPA, was designed to withstand long transport and to that end has high alcohol content.
In true viking style the danes brew mead.


The next time I check on the conversation on the other side of the table
I find that it has turned to the Backstreet Boys.
“Yeah, that just happened.”


And some point things get set on fire.


I go off to the bathroom and come back to a high five in the center of the building.
And the remnants of some kind of şişa disaster at our table on the patio.
Nicki has a few chunks of skin missing.
“What did happen?”
“I have no idea.  It was just on her.”
“It wasn’t David.  He was upstairs.”
The consensus seems to be that it wasn’t her fault.
But she seems satisfied with the explanation it was.
“My last name is Russian for ‘drunk on water’”
“You’re so lucky you’re drunk right now…”


  

“You’re not taking notes on this?  Seriously!?  
There’s yoghurt being applied to an arm.  
What needs to happen before you start taking notes?”


Tequila suicide is:  snort the salt, do the shot, squirt the lemon in your eye.


“I’m burned and covered in yoghurt and I don’t even care. So I must not be sane.”
She turns to me and asks  “How are you holding up?  I know you’re catching a flight soon…”
Me?  I’m peachy.  I’m not the one that was set on fire.
“What will keep you awake?”
I decide to take a NoDoz.  I could swallow it fine, but she quests for some water on my behalf.
She makes her way to the back of the establishment.
“Can we get some water?”
They pour her a shot.  She downs it.
“That’s not water.  This boy needs water.  For medicine.”
She stumbles back with a bottle of water.
“And so I wound up taking a shot…”


“None of you are leaving.  That’s the rule.”
But now it’s approaching 330.
Time to go to the airport.
  

Smurfs getting high at the airport.


I say my goodbyes to Lee and set up residence on a bench.
They won’t give me my boarding pass until 10.  
Time passes slowly.
Waiting, waiting for my flight to Şicago.


On the flight back I sit next to an old man of few words.
He gave me a piece of decadent chocolate.
Sleep comes in snippets.  
I don’t leave my seat.


Land in Chicago.  O’hare.  Text Tales.  He’ll pick me up.
“The pilot noticed something with the engine”
They need to find us a new plane.
“We usually have a few spare sitting around”
The delay isn’t egregious.


  

And now I’m back home.
