DEF CON 14
  

Wednesday
        St. Louis, airport.  Waiting to board.  
        A blond heading home sits between me and a man.
        mentions something sounding like a strip search, stops short
        the man conjures camaraderie with me.  
        says we want to hear more.
        humidity and hair
        compliments and conversation
        business or pleasure, my line of work: computers
        he tells me that common people (not that I'm not one) 
        don't think about these sorts of things
        
        Arrival.
        I spot a hacker on the tram.  
        We exchange a greeting 
        Do we own the city already? 
        This should be fun...
        
        dinner at in&out burger, pick up supplies, 
        walk the strip, 
        most amused by a midget with a microphone at Doublin' Up
        scout the Riviera
        the devil is pouring drinks
        
        We are asked "Do you speak English?"
        Then she borrows my friend's cell phone.
        
        A well-dressed woman asking for money
        is agitated by my ambivalence.

Thursday ("pre-con")
        registered, walked around, going free agent.
        Trapped in perimeter.  
        Pacing, bounded by an invisible fence
        afraid to leave, afraid to integrate.
        I feel like I recognize these people.
        But like me they are insular.
        Coagulated into cliques.
        Presenting a high barrier to entry.
        
        Toxic BBQ launch area.
        Crowd reaching critical mass, I'm shedding the shell.
        Sit by a laptop, friendly faces. 
        Meet Cenobyte and Cygnus.  Canadians.
        Then through them H20 and SnowMan.  Brothers from Bronx.
        
        Taxi to the Wynn for fancy cars, walk to TI for the show.
        H20 is giving us lessons in confidence.
        Pictures of pretty ladies with Cygnus.
        Walking back to the Riviera.  
        It is night.
        
        Someone gave me a parachuting ninja.
        "It's okay, it won't hurt you."

        I don't have a hotel room
        so I borrow some floor space

Friday (it begins)
        Breakfast at the Pepper Mill
        Late start due to inspection.  
        Fierce crowding and confusion.
        iPod boom box plays our soundtrack
        I feel cooler than I should be allowed to

        First talk:  atlas script kiddie to hacker
        net cat is your friend
        
        another talk
        harmony of multiple personalities
        madness to go half-way

        spend the day in sessions, wandering.
        I find Elonka, follow her to the cafe

        hard drive forensics
        Nathan comes to check on me
        tail end of a Johnny Long talk

        a talk on bioinformatics (my core interest)
        I was hit by a beach ball 

        the sun has set, night takes over
        by the pool security tap on SnowMan shoulder, 
        requests the music off.
        he asks for respect
        some jocks attempt to escalate, 
        speculating upon our gathering
        a number of security disperse those evil hackers
        We're being followed
        duck into the end of hiding data in file system
        
        tcp/ip drinking game
        these are the men that get things done
        awe and reverence and laughter 
        head to the skybox on rumors of strippers
        moose gets us into hacker pimps.
        life's transience is here in ink saviored
        
        a man, visibly intoxicated,
        attempts to inform me of a party at...
        the end of the conversation 
        he seems to have forgotten that it began.

        heading to the Hilton 
        I break off from (a growing) congregation
        (for my fear of grass)
        
        back to the (quieting) box.
        I am a mortal that has stumbled on to mount Olympus
        everywhere I turn I can see a god.
        I hear the story of a little Jewish boy in a catholic school.
        his first communion: "Thanks for the cookie"
        (I never expected to see nerds with doey-eyed groupies)
[This was Dan Kaminsky]
        
        I wander: surreal, as if in a dream.
        Follow someone following a goon
        Wind up in the penthouse
        I'm not cool enough for the black ball
        Find Cenobyte and Cygnus up there
        The Bronx boys arrive and I follow them out
        
        to a different Hilton building for a shmoo con party.
        Fish saw Madonna on a tootsie roll inside a bible.
        pouring miraculous drinks.
        spiritus sancti, beautiful blasphemy
        he whispers to me 'there is no god'
        We leave as they start to make waffles.
        
        Back to the Pepper Mill 
        to a glut of beautiful women.
        watching H20 operate
        
        The sun is rising
        Walking another first-timer back to the Sahara
        I catch a few hours of sleep
        Sizable blister on left foot

Saturday
        never been so happy to have 
        my synapses firing as erratically
        there is nothing like a crowd to make me feel alone
        but in the midst of Def Con I have found a second home
        
        EFF dunk tank.  An entertaining representative
        in a Microsoft shirt, singing its praises
        mocking the penguin boys.
                
        Visual log analysis beauty of graphs
        log analysis and correlation

        hacking unix with FreeBSD jail(8)
        layers of complexity
        in India they love rats, in NYC they don't

        hunting for metamorphic engines
        liken viruses to genetic diversity 
        interesting overlap with bioinformatics talk

        Hacker Jeopardy most amusing.
        A drunk wants to exchange badges as a sign of friendship
        almost an altercation, but they pull him off of me
        
        leave the room, see a crew struggling in the hallway with old hardware. 
        A prize, a relic
        They keep dropping it, so I help them carry it.
        They let me in the room, give me a sticker
        keep asking who I am.
        And I never know quite how to answer that.
        Am I a demigod or just a simple daemon?
        
        I'm drinking SoCo & Red Bull in a former water bottle.
        They insist that I'm drinking my own urine.
        I offer them some.  Strangely, they decline.
        We head out into the street.
        An interesting chat with cops.
        Literally asking to be arrested (really, but not really, you know)
        He sniks out his baton and pretends to assault for a photo op.
        The cops here are pretty cool, I guess
        
        Solar powered personas find fuel in neverending nights
        guardians of requisite sanity gain wrinkles from worry
        
        life, it bleeds in all directions 
        hear the peace that permeates 
        achieve stealthy stability
        try not to worry, sweet children, try not to cry
        try to turn a blind eye to these travesties that accrue
        an angel checking ids, but the devil didn't have to
        this david cares not to
        let the light last, and the confusion reign
        
        The Wynn was wild, a drink over the edge
        gut damn these women if they couldn't stop a heart
        
        I reach the point where words fail.  
        The language center is soaked, the periphery only doused
        And so I communicate with Spanish and sign language.
        Neither of which I really know that well.
        I think the surrogate crew knows ASL, 
        they made me stop for fear of ghosts

        One is gambling: craps at circus, circus.
        I remember not-hearing a comment 
        that sparked some controversy
        an underage kid denied entrance
        I think I promised to see his talk tomorrow
        consent by 'too confused to argue'
        I'm entranced by the wise red hat giving him a life-lesson
        he talks like a stream both calm and fast
        
        I find myself back in the hotel.
        Alone.  I must have surreptitiously escaped their company.
        
        Sitting, writing.
        a few drunken conversations with strangers
        one informs me that there might be hackers in this building.  
        wink, wink
        
        Hotel staff made me move, made me hide from fear of dominoes
        (afraid those bastards will steal electricity if they see me operate a pen)
        but the dominoes have hit the floor, the power is held captive in batteries
        and is being made to perform unspeakable calculations
        
        So I move upstairs and kneel at a table in the hallway and continue to write.
        I am seen.
        Hackers move me to a couch
        in darkness.
                
        Looks like I've made it, accidentally, to what they call a "party"
        exhilaration, exuberance.  the liberation of libation
        as I attempt to explain that I am nobody 
        and that I am Dave to souls that mostly understand
        but will never, can never remember.
        
        like that state of living that is pure
        my state of identity, belonging, is fleeting
        the ink flows in beautiful patterns, music moves my hand
        manifest to an unwilling, unknowing mind
        shadows of form swaying in my periphery
        constitute the only other part of my existence
        
        they lament my killing of trees
        brain cells are the prey du jour
        what can we glean from these minds focused on debauchery
        one of more mettle than I would integrate
        one with more edge would prowl
        I am a dagger among swords 
        
        I can't compete with this noise so I withdraw
        asking for too much food in too little a mouth
        but I love this energy, this beat, this feeling
        where else can we find salad days for the mentally inclined?
                
        words are my medium.  except in them I do not exist.
        and they are (each, alone) mundane.
        in sequences they can be (but rarely) brilliant
        illuminating.
        
        I am face down, furniture.
        But it is a forcibly social environment.
        Conversation ensues.
        Incoherent connections.  I now know I am not alone.
        I could live forever between these words.

Sunday
        A daze.  My brain has failed to cycle after the last power down.
        I failed to attend two talks I wanted to see.
        don't have a change of clothes with me
        So I jump in a shower with my shorts on.
        
        Sitting at a table with a man with blue hair.  
        I am introduced to the term "rollin' balls"
        as his excuse for not really remembering we met last night
        He's playing World of Warcraft.
        Small talk, system administration
        He touches my knee and continues to hit on me.
                
        Come evening I again hook up with my core four.
        Tropicana in a limo looking for a Cuban restaurant.
        Eat Italian instead, coffee perks me up.
        learn about Sleep, Time management, Study skills        
        Talking physics with the local girl that H20 found.

Monday
        Con over, back to being a freak
        called my host on a stranger's cell phone for no answer
        I'm not there for his call back, but I hear that I was abducted by ninjas.
        
        Shrink Wrap
        We must be humble, we must be plastic.
        But bullshit sounds sweeter than truth when it slides through sly lips
        We must be vigilant and know what is axiomatic.
        Building immense towers by stacking grains of sands.
        A rush, a thrill.  Akin to panic.   To get it all done today.


        

$ cd ..
