Roll into Collinsville for Archon
I can see the nerds before I even enter the convention center
it seems to be a smallish space, just one hallway to pace
a pretty good mix of costumes - steampunk and fantasy
harder to be guy fawkes, anonymous and blend in
Han Solo Wolf Furry playfighting a stormtrooper
so these are the things that I see
skirts and kilts and top hats
and various other accoutrements
corsets and cowboys, leather and fangs
when the astronomy talk lets out I find Elonka (sporting a DefCon lanyard) 
and briefly chat
"You seem... [gesture]
conventions energize you; which is cool"

In the vendor area I find him
the one whose face I recall
and two weeks ago was trying to place among his phenotype
wxw's husband, an actor who was on House, etc.
and then it hits me.  a cashier from a grocery store.
one who was particularly friendly, casual
but whom I could be forgiven for forgetting

IRL I'm considered a pretty big nerd
but here I'm kinda quaint
almost mundane
to not be the freak for, oh, if only for the weekend
it's worth the price of admission

anonymous is walking around with Hunter Thompson and asks
why is it called SAF T ice?
Ice isn't very Safe or very T

Elonka's 2012 panel 
zombiehunters.org and Demon Haunted world
Star Trek sips from a flask
ends at 20:12

It reminds me of Halloween here
There's a dinosaur on the dance floor

  
I find the mad poet, Joey Froehlich
I think I'm in the wrong room, but they beckon me in.
To hear some poetry.  And you might even like it.
I was afraid it'd be some lanky young kid in a hat
but they don't get any more grounded than this grizzled guy
He has an eye fetish, pronounces it like fetus.
Take a drink from the flask every time he mentions them.
Kentucky bourbon and a cross on the front
this poem he found in his typewriter, can't remember writing it
this one he wrote while drunk
"You can bring your dolls to any reading of mine" 
One, two, ... ten.  My biggest reading yet
"I'm supposed to be a horror poet, but everybody's laughing"
He's macabre, sure, but with a maniacal joy
A demented Midwestern Bukowski

I write 250 words while standing in line for the Masquerade
on local company: the camp and the butch, the warrior women
people in infinite resolution, but transient, dynamic
difficult to in silico embalm, study and scrutinize

  
"Hey, red shirt.  Is that a tribble or Shatner's toupee?"

Sunday Morning, bag pipes playing, Great Big Sea
and I'm wearing a plaid jacket
taped glasses and a pocket protector
"Revenge of the nerds, right!?  I caught that! >Fist Bump<"

I sit near the smokers, the cool kids
"These scars are from a mutant womp rat
I took the bastard down with me.  
I mean, I didn't die, but..."

  
"Thank you St. Louis for spawning Voltron"
"Jeremy has wandered off.  Jeremy, wherever you are:  grab me a hot dog"
"I'm gonna throw it like a ninja star - it's an anti-prize"
"Later we're gonna get Voltron to do a keg stand"


I sit down and write the first draft:

Sex, Religion, and Zombies (aka comparative studies)
I've seen zombies in the central west end
I bumped into her
amidst the decay and decadence
jaded by the hipsters and faux punks
in the thin line between cliche and culture
a recycled meme, not exactly a fresh spin on the genre
but she's firmly in the intriguing intersection of fetid and fecund
outgoing and looking outstanding
the glittering eyes of a child in the palm of her hand
with a Black Sabbath flask filled with Kentucky bourbon
she broke threw my shell and tried to eat my face
back in her room at the Moonrise Hotel
where I saw Jesus, everyone's favorite cosmic zombie 
ready for the second coming

$ cd ..
