Friday
Head out to mnke’s 
With a trunk full of computers for work
And 3 creepy babies for the shower
Thankfully Rachael approves 
That’s all that matters
  



Saturday 
The party is a pleasant success
But kind of an awkward social situation.  Stick to hanging out with my family
  

  

Ma made this quilt.  It was quite a hit.


Buy some drinks at the liquor store to enjoy pool side
Mom enumerates and ranks the reasons she's freaking out about the wedding 
The dress, these people and their possible interactions 
1730 
Hit the hotel happy hour
May the fourth be with you
And Kentucky derby, photo finish
An infestation of little girls in soccer uniforms


Sunday
Breakfast at the hotel is nice
I put some peanut butter in my pocket
Drive to the folks house
Mom in my car 
Following Dad


We’re bringing home Racheal's dead frog to resin it.  It smells like peanuts and death.
Don’t look at me like that.  That’s not weird.  You’re weird.


Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with tacos


Ryan decided today to ask mom to ask Tom to officiate  (<sarcasm>There’s plenty of time</sarcasm>)
What?  Are you serious? 
Yeah. 
He'll do it.
This is gonna be freaking awesome 


Not sure if R s going to eat cake
He hates sweets
It's from lovin ovens and they make some tasty treats 




Monday 
Set up for work
  

vs my home setup:  
  



Can't connect to VPN
It's never DNS
It was DNS
(But not really)
Turns out I hamstrung it with my hosts file
  



8 meetings. 
Thankfully some of them are only half an hour


Tuesday
7 meetings.


Mom has been freaking out about her dress
The one she had Bennie shorten
Goes out and gets a new one
Consults with Lisa
Orders sweaters 
Maybe the first one will work


Wednesday
My 1730 meeting got canceled 
So I’m available to walk hastings
Then eat tacos
Set a timer to remind us to re-evaluate whether to eat taco fiesta popcorn (yes, it’s a go)
  



Play some jackbox games
Put on a Danny Kaye movie for the background while we continue the puzzle


Incoming call from Bennie


Apparently she's been drinking since noon.  
Had to get her nails done to commemorate a dead friend
Wednesday was her day off


Everybody is
* Cute
   * Too fuckin’ cute
* Adorable
   * A doorbell


I’m no good at trivia.
At least, not when it comes to food.
(She called me up with a question on the origins of toasted rav)




Write this down:
No old folks home
Her kids are to take her on a vacation and 
Throw her off a waterfall
Or something


She warns me to be wary of my parents, but
Bennie is friggin’ nuts


  

Ma sends her a picture of Rachael 's ultrasound
Sweet Caroline 
Has mnke’s facial features 
But Bennie can't believe it's a person 
Like a total incredulous breakdown
Ok that's enough,  I'm deleting the message
There.


Ultrasound session got cut short by tornado warning
There's another touchy subject 


An hour and a half
Of giggling and planning
I’m in stitches


It's been burning me up but I've kept the secret of her balloon bots
Just two more days
  

This is gonna be freaking awesome


Thursday
At the start of the week I had no meetings on my calendar for Thursday
Finally, a day to just get stuff done.
But now I have four
  





  

Mom’s freaking out thinking she ruined the frog, but I quite like it


Ryan and Victoria show up
He’s going to NOFX’s last show
Let’s see if I can make it:  https://www.punkindrublicfest.com/


Watched ‘Class of 1999’
  

How did this movie fly under my radar?  It has Malcolm McDowell 
And that’s the year I graduated high school
Yup, just like I ‘member it


Work on the puzzle with Danny Kaye in the background


Friday
Ordered a new scratch-off world map for ma so she can scratch off Thailand
Apparently, scratch-offs stop working after a while
Tried turning it off and on again
Out of ideas


We’re writing Dad’s speech
And we need spare ideas for Tom  (but keep both short)
Strolling down memory lane, fishing with grumpa, vacation injuries, buying a NES
Ryan has an eidetic memory, so watch what you say around him.  
It might come back to haunt you
(And watch what you say around Dave.  He'll write it down)
Needs a nerdy joke
Oh no my email got hacked! Now that's the 3rd time I need to change the name of my cat
(c.f. DEF CON 30)


My 1500 meeting got canceled today, so fingers crossed, we can duck out of here early
and get this party started
This is gonna be freaking awesome


Walked around the lake county maintenance trail / millennium trail 
Out of towners are arriving 


Check in at the
Holiday Inn express


Chatting with Jan and Elaine in the lobby
I Haven't seen them in how long?
  

New dress wins
This dress is lovely
But this dress is more you
OMG


1830 now Bennie is here!


Head to the ale house and join the group
I see you guys brought the entertainment 
And I'm not referring to the wooden gladiators 
  

The arms are from the trash tent poles that parachuted on 7 mile bridge 
Bought the trailer in Florida 
Saved them a ticket 
  

Ma’s shields got left behind somewhere 
She had special ones for the bride and groom


Some people I don't know, though may have met at taco night 
And now Aaron is here.  Discussing DEF CON plans
Ryan has volunteered for vet con 
  



  

Chatting with my cousin Amanda
I wouldn't say the f word.  It's a sensitive subject 
But of course Mom brings up the frog, one and a half old fashioneds in 
Did I mention how much I like Rachael?
But I [messed] up her frog 


Mnke and Rachael  arrive and she likes the frog
Because of course she does.  You can tell it's a frog
Did I mention how much I like Rachael?
At least you can't smell it anymore
They live in ponds, not your sink 
And now it doesn’t stink


Pictures start rolling in
Everybody else got to see the northern lights but we got too much light pollution 
And clouds 


Ryan shows off the picture of totality he took from his yard
Originally we were going to converge on his place to see it, but he wouldn’t be there
Turns out he got to see the eclipse after all
Came back home early from the west coast wedding
Excuse me for a moment, step away from a meeting 


I’m conspiring with Bennie to get the stump back to David Deitz via Sue and Bruce 
Or we’ll just torch the dang thing 


Saturday
  

I put on my mustache socks.  I can’t be the only Bennett without facial hair


I help put together some oneliners from British comedians for Tom's speech 
Mom’s not worried about it (she’s got be the only person 
I know he can behave when he has to


Breakfast starts at 7
Sit with Bennie Carl Mnke 
Anita’s sisters show up and we keep chatting 


Wedding stuff
Cicadas on the way 


Picked up another peanut butter to add to my emergency rations
  



  

Tom shows up with this shirt.  This is what I’m wearing to officiate.  The heart means ‘love’


Drop mom off for makeup.  Ryan, Victoria, and Beth are there
Dad and I head to Marriot to chat with the Williams
They picked up a small dead turtle
We can embalm it for redemption or just more frustration
Probably best not to tell her about it until the Wedding is over
  

Real nice lobby where Amanda is staying.  I think that fireplace could fit a stump


Naturally Terri is aces at coordinating the Bennett clan
We converge on Spears for lunch
Ryan shows up with Ma all done up
Schedule slightly changed, so she’s released early for good behavior
  

  

Ryan orders a chicken sandwich.  Looks messy.  He’s gotta be careful
‘Cause obviously he’s wearing that Buc-ee’s shirt for the ceremony
Ma looks fancy.  They used some tool to put that curl in your hair?
Yeah, it’s called a curler.
Dad wants to give her a kiss, but stay away mister.  “Taffeta, darling…”
  



We head back to the room to get dressed up for 1600 family photos 
(that’s the time, 4pm, but also approximately the number of photos they’ll be taking)
  

Which entrance?  
I think we’re in the right place.
A prom is going on next door.  Which group needs more adult supervision?


We see Ryan staring intently at a tree?  I hope he’s not…
We approach tentatively.  They’re doing ‘first look’ photos.  She’s on her way.  We best skeddadle.
  

She taps him on the shoulder, he turns around the opposite direction.  Hee hee.2


  

Hang around a bit then pop in and out with Victoria’s family, until we run out of permutations: n choose k
  
this could take a while!


  

Ryan has an Asplundh tie tack.  And I’m wearing a grumpa tie


What’s the bet on number of kids that Tito’s has?
I went with four.  Anita wins the pool with five.  A table to themselves (17)
  



  

Mnke, ever considerate, hooked me up with the full beard treatment


The card from me says OKAY, I’M READY… on the front
and LiGHT YOUR CANDLES.  HAPPY BIRTHDAY on the inside
And I knew that when I bought it
But in my defense it really was in the Wedding section
I took a picture to prove it
  

You like dags, doncha?
I had to attach my own googly eye.
The one for Mnke and Rachael  already had them on a burrito holding a baby
And the one for Mother’s day had them on a donkey:  get your ass out of bed
(That one was a ‘get well’ card and I have no excuse there)


Tom trying to subtly point out to Frank the celebrity in our midst:  Foxy Menagerie 
Frank, bless him, oblivious


Keeping to the schedule
  

They had to decide yesterday whether to hold it inside or out.  Thankfully, the weather cooperated.  It’s a gorgeous day
Second row insists they switch seats with us.  The brothers should be up front.
But no, I can see just fine here from the fourth.


  

He walks out to Pachebel.  ‘Cause of the cello rant, naturally, I assume
The ceremony is short and sweet, sentimental.  I shake Tom’s hand afterwards and say ‘Perfect’
Ryan’s first wedding, his first time officiating.  
Phone down, on silent, but I make an audio recording
Quote after quote, that’s so Ryan.  Buc-ee’s and horses, he covers all the bases
Despite not really knowing Victoria, he really does make her feel like part of the family now
And the Acaster quote at the end puts such a bow on it for me
  

The vows were something to worry about.  Ryan’s been saying he’d just wing it.
But he pulled out a piece of paper ‘Hold my mic and watch this’ 
And he nailed it.  Far exceeding expectations.
  

His ring has a friggin’ circuit board!


1745 time to party
  

Drinks turned out nice.  I start out with a whiska-biska sour
We get roped into extended family photos, but that doesn’t last too long


Kyle asks ‘when’s the Dave speech?’ and 
write this down:  Dave promised to visit Arizona


A line forms for last call.  But it’s just the first last call.  The bar opens back up after dinner.


The DJs he hired start things off, but if things go south he has friends from the club more than capable of stepping in
We have a RAID (Redundant Array of Insane DJs)


Parents of the bride and groom get announced.  Some enchanted evening?
Ma tells one of the staff: “I feel like if we need somebody killed you’d do it for us”
I feel like that’s not the sort of thing you should say to a stranger, but he does kinda look like Odd Job from Bond
And he laughs it off.  On the whole, they’ve been effective, efficient, professional, prepared.


Uncle Brian gives a welcome speech and ma interjects with ‘We’ve been warned…”
He’s quite the character and later Bruce thanks her for that.  It was too perfect
Toasts from the fathers.  Dad’s speech is Done.  Now he can relax.


  

  



DJ announces that the flower is edible.
  

By this time I had already eaten mine.  This could have been awkward


  

The newlyweds dance.  Aww…
  

Father/Daughter dance to Margaritaville.  Haha, so cool.  Yeah, our families are compatible.


What’s the mother/son dance?  
(This is gonna be freaking awesome)
I’ve been told it’s Toto by Africa…
OMG, no way, you hate that song
She’s gotta dance to Africa?  By Toto?
Boo!  It is my worst song ever  (Wonderful play acting)
It transitions into moshing to American Wedding by Googol Bordello  (Exactly as we planned)
Then it shifts to Louis with ‘What a Wonderful World’ A real sweet twist from Ryan.  
At the end he slips in both Danzig’s Mother and Mr T “so treat her right”.  
Which were on the docket, but I didn’t expect to make the cut
Once again exceeding expectations.  Mind==Blown
Video


Dancing dancing
I applied almost every googly eye I got
  



  

  

Oh, yeah, we got the same sort of regrets you get at every event like this
We spent time chatting with various friends and family
And wish we could spend more with each
A luxury of a regret to have


Sunday 
Close it out with Post Party Depression by Days n Daze (aka Daves and Daves)
That song has held such a special place in my heart since DEF CON 27


0100 Not one of us in a state to drive
No stump, no mermaid, no problem
We ub3red back to our room
Non3 the worse for wear ??


That was freaking awesome.  Just like I said it’d be


Stop by uncle Brian’s house to pick up some cake.  Anita didn’t get a slice
Victoria had a choice of two shirts.  This or Buc-ee’s.  And she chose this:
  

The only bad decision was not wearing Buc-ee’s
