DEF CON 24 - Rise of the Machines
Pre-con
Wednesday, August 3, 2016
Thursday, August 4, 2016
LineCon
Friday, August 5, 2016
BCCC
Saturday, August 6, 2016
503
DC949 Guerrilla party
Sunday, August 7, 2016
801
Tacos
Telephreak
Monday, August 8, 2016
Appendix:  Walking
DEF CON 24 - Rise of the Machines
  



Pre-con


2mm of paper left in my old notebook and I have 3mm of notes to take
So I start this trip with a fresh one.
Put the hacker tracker shortcut on my home screen
I have my schedule filled in, but we’ll see just how many talks I actually attend.


Upgrade my bag and stock up on pokéballs 
Choose t-shirts based on the theme: rise of the machines 
Pack the essentials, like my titanium spork and caffeine pills
Prepare my mental state to expatiate
Steel myself to socialize


  

I already see the end of it careening towards me
Oscillating between autopilot and lucidity 
Ticking off the minutes and minutia
One more sleep before arriving
Sit through another meeting
Under an overcast sky


Wednesday, August 3, 2016
After work I get a ride from Lee who is talking about STL history.
Plays some Paul F Tompkins to soothe my jitters.
Feeling an odd nervous agitation
I feel a few hours sleep debt behind my eyes.
Order a Schlafly Oatmeal Stout at the Taproom.
Watching my battery drain from 87 to 82 percent.
Light EDM on the speakers, then Iggy - Fancy
And the guy at the next table whistles along.
Looking like a cross between H.Jon. Benjamin and Chris Elliott.
“I already know what I want:  toasted ravioli” he says


“Sir, you dropped this”
Thanks.
I make another repair to this ~20 year old backpack
  



Claudus texts me the URL of his crypto challenge
But it 404s
Assuming it’s part of the challenge, I start looking for the right URL.
He later sends me a correction.
  



I start reading Veins, the book by the Toothpaste for Dinner / Kompressor guy.


Guy sitting next to me has a gaussian curve and its formula on his shirt
“Yes, we were math majors and yes, we were normal”
But he’s disembarking in Denver.


In Denver we pick up a firecracker from Kankakee.  
She and her brother are coming to Vegas to gamble and party.  
And a nice lady from Lake Tahoe.  She’s heading home to her 8 month old.  
Listening to Harmontown, lightning flashes in the distance.


I land and make my way to the pickup point
Coordinate the retrieval of Claudus (who has become AKA Claus)
While it threatens to rain on DJ and his scooter.
Kyle has one wiper that doesn’t really work and one that works poorly
And there’s random construction and cones everywhere
So this ride gets interesting.


2237  We arrive.  Game of Thrones Season 3, Episode 4 is playing.
Then we play the Game of Thrones Birthday Rap Battle
The guy guy that hasn’t seen episode 5 gets a minor spoiler,
But he’s not mad.  He knew it was inevitable that Jon Snow would get laid


  

Without a working Playstation we can’t partake in the D.
So we satisfy ourselves with Outlaw Golf, a Blockbuster exclusive.
Both Kyle and Ryan are playing as Summer.
Where are my testicles, Summer?
Call me snowball.
  

They try to move out of the way, but it is possible to hit an elf.  I’ve seen it happen.
We look it up and yeah, the commentator really is Steve Carell.


  

DJ is unnaturally obsessed with Summer’s alleged camel toe.  
No one else has really noticed it, but he vehemently insists it is there.


Kyle is Valor, level 22 and I’m team Mystic, level 17
Ryan can’t catch any on his flip phone, so he catches Pokemon players instead.
Kyle caught a Pikachu in this hood.
He announces that there’s a Slowpoke in the house.
We throw some balls at it and then DJ rides off on his scooter.
  



Thursday, August 4, 2016
  

  

0055  Golf is still happening.
But it’s getting late.
We go to sleep with two holes unfilled.


  

We begin with Science! 
With guarded optimism we build more robots.


  

Water is hitting the door.
That’s probably not supposed to happen.
We investigate the mechanisms, make some crude repairs.


  

Drive out to Paris.  Park in 3D.  This is our home now.


LineCon
Like the Vegas streets, this hotel has randomly placed cones
After a few false starts at 1030 we found Line Con and by 1050 we are badged.
That’s the shortest wait we’ve had in a long time.
  



Spotting neat  t-shirts:
* I failed the Turing test.
* cd /pub ; more beer
* Step aside coffee.  This is a job for alcohol.
* Vader is coming, look busy.
* Hyperbole is the best thing ever.
  



Ryan has instructions to bet twenty dollars that the Bears will sports harder than the other sports teams.
The odds are 40 to 1 that they will.


Down the hall, near the Lost room, bump into Claudus and people congregated to examine the badge.
We discovered the Konami code, but A & B are in the middle, not placed Super NES style.
Shake the hand of Chad Ramsey, the brilliant nuclear kid who recognizes me from PhreakNIC encounters
This is his first DEF CON and he’s deep into the badge rabbit hole.


  

1236  Head across the street to pick up supplies.
Kyle tells us about the fate of Travis Meeks from Days of the New.  Don’t do drugs, kids.


1308  On our way to Secret Pizza I get the email that our room is ready.


We collect the keys and head up the Indigo tower, 752.
Dual Core and DJ Jackalope are in the elevator with us.


  

Our hallway smells like weed practically this entire trip.
I have a Hell of a time opening the door.  I said, open the pod bay doors, Hal.
Apparently, the secret is:  some sort of bending and to slide it in and out faster than you think you should.


  

1450  Does Celine Dion enjoy Tito’s as much as Jake Gyllenhaal does?
Maybe even more.  Just look at that smile.
  



  

Claudus’ secret Illuminati coin.


  

Roamer and his Rattata
  

We can often reach the rat pack from our room and right now it’s lured.
Caught my first Kubutu


1724  We head over to visit the Illuminati, room 5809 
  

  

This is an optimally situated room.


Watching CGC, but there’s no audio.
We pull up some amusing music videos.


Gunther - Ding Dong Song
“How’d they get those women in the song?”
“It’s called money”
“I think they’re filmed separately”
I’m told to check whether the domain stripclubstockfootage.com is available
I think it is.


Puddles Pity Party
Zlad - Elektronik Supersonik


  

1816  I thought this might be a year they end up with extras
But it looks like before the end of pre-con, they are already giving out paper badges.


  

1822  We head down to the DARPA room to watch the live commentary.
Big screens, big crowd.  Server racks standing up there like rock stars.
The visualization of the disassembly is really cool
But while it’s awesome that they have an axis for represent time, it’s not clear what’s happening at each stage.


  

2022  Dinner at Buca Di Beppo.  Eating Cthulhu.


Head into the dark room for some Indiana Jones pinball.
Then we sit and watch the movie.
First guess was Automata, later realized it’s the Machine  (but not The Machine)
I like the style of it, but the substance seems retread.
I suspect this isn’t the first movie since Short Circuit to have a military robot struggle with sentience


  

2209  Cloudera Bacon Scientist follows us to the DEF CON 101, EDM dance room
It’s awkwardly bright for this sort of thing.
DJ red tie suit guy plays music for dreaded dancing laser fingers.
A couple of creepy old guys and a gaggle of awkward nerds.
Good times.


Cardboard face cut-out photo op.
Ryan called Tony, so Kyle gets Tina.
Later we tried to do it again with the roles reversed, but the cutout isn’t there.
(But who was phone?)


  

2230  Playing some X-Files pinball.
Get balls in the FBI-hole to solve cases.
Friday, August 5, 2016


  

For the second day, another robot shirt.
But this one is sad.
Sad because humans are still alive.
Also, he has no friends.


Line Con never ends.  People are queued up to get into Vendor and Contests.
I find Cenobyte and we sit and chat against the wall, discussing recent advances in physics.  Gravitational waves.
He shows me some interesting papers from sci-hub.io
We meet Chris who is messing around on an old laptop running Porteus off a ramdisk.  He’s a radio DJ.


  

“The perfect combination of badass and cute.”


They corral the line our way.  “Defend the wall”
This guy promises to not step on us.
Things get stagnant and congested.
Then 1000 the dam bursts.
Contest area unlocked.


  

top running live on top of this guy


  

1017  I find an available seat at lockpick village and open some of the easier locks.


Darknet is a thing with a long line for badges not available til noon.  Described as a real-life MMO.


  

1035  Tables in the Chillout area
Shady guy in a hoodie, hunched over a laptop
The quintessential picture of a hacker
Twist is, the hoodie is powder blue


Walk through the vendor area.
The author, John Sundman waves me over.
“Come, check out my books” 


Making my way to track 3 for opening ceremonies.
A fleet of sofas roll down the hall
“Make a hole, couch coming through”
Every SOC goon goes hoarse.
The room is almost full, but I got a good seat.


“I’m not saying you guys are cats, but you’re cats”
We have bean bags.  Steal them. 
 I mean, we’ll try to stop you and kick you out if we catch you
But I want to see them travel the world.


1108  R:  One of these Daves…
1109  D:  Oi!  I’m in track 3 now
1110  R:  Cool cool.  We just ate…  Waitin for someone to come arrest us.
1121  R:  Unarrested after our encounter.  Heading to the contest area…
1158  D:  Alright, I made my way to the contest area.
1159  R:  We are by the FBI hole
  

Balls are stuck under the cabinet, meaning we can’t use it to unlock multiballs.


  

We catch a little bit of Beard and Mustache contest
Ryan twirls his mustache and starts looking for a damsel to tie to a railroad track.
I am a fan of Bruce Potter, but we need to head over to the beverage cooling contraption contest
I wish they did a better job of spreading this stuff out.
I don’t mind when there’s simultaneously two talks I want to see, since I’ll catch them online later 
But this is the kind of stuff I want to see in person.


BCCC
The calibration fluid is a potent potable.  It’s “safe”
Less sweet than last year’s.  Very nice.
  

Fat Tire.  The beer is a step up, too
Not all heroes wear capes.  Ryan is one because he has a bottle opener.
Dave Lee from the BBC is here.  Video


  

Her name is Calliope and she’s in transition.
“I threw 30 balls at it and I still couldn’t catch it”
“That’s ‘cause it’s a legendary”
“You gotta suck start it”
  



  

This team used parts from the hotel lamp.
(But I love lamp)


  

Prizes are awarded and the spectators get some swag too.  
Rattata Manke Ponyta.


Kyle sez: “this is the highlight of DEF CON so far
And the most drinking I’ve done at noon.”


Walking past the Burger Brasserie they announce “David, party of 5”
And I explain to them I prefer 90210


Talking to Ryan about Leigh, My Lee, and Miley.
Kyle knocks and we introduce him to llamas with hats.
Play the John Cena video then call up Tommy D
Coordinating the next LAN party in the park.
He has a car now, so no excuse for missing Taco Night


  

1599  Waiting for Indy to be operational
The X-Files multi-ball cabinet is functional for the time being
Playing House of the Dead, but eventually we have to pass the baton.
Tedious, too many balls coming at my face.
  

This is a job for Elvis.


Conflicting reports on Richard Cheese showtimes.
We ask the information desk, but they haven’t heard of the guy.
We ask a random goon.  He doesn’t know Richard Cheese, either, but he’s gonna escort him.
Another tough call, but I opt for Hacker Jeopardy.
In line someone asks if I’ve seen any good talks.
Truth be told I haven’t seen any talks.


  

2010  Still bouncing beach balls, waiting for the show to start


  

2017  A Pikachu, a Hut, and a Bear get on stage.
At the end, they get boo’d off.  (“I was saying Boo-urns”)
“We’re just here for the free beers”


  

2200  Head into the Napoleon
A tiny, crowded venue.
The DJ is playing Kraftwerk.
Richard Cheese will start soon.


During the first show he had trouble finding enough girls for the front row.
Second show opens with Rehab.
Turn off your flash.


  

Ryan catches a Pikachu 
He flipped us the bird (a pidgeot?).
To be fair his sign says “Pokemon GTFO”


Back up to the room for more supplies.
Almost doesn’t smell like home, but four doors down, yup, there’s the weed.
Ryan dropped a baby in my flask.  For flavor.
We head out as Rush Hour starts to play.
Saturday, August 6, 2016


Service elevator up to 26th floor.
We visit the wall of sheep.
Sanity check that my username is not up on it.
With haste we escape Hacker Karaoke, a butchered rendition of Run For The Hills


Down the hall for suite parties.
503
  

0052  She beckons me and after I demonstrate I have my own bottle opener we clink ‘em together.
DJ Jackalope is in here.


  

I use my perception skill to detect this trap.


Chatting about video games.
Around two the party is ending.
Walk past the piano and the guy with a headwound, receiving some sort of medical attention.


Downstairs we hang out near the elevator.
Meet Joshua, a super excited musician-type.
Elation in his face as he explains how he normally doesn’t talk much.
But people here actually understand him.  There’s no reference too nerdy.
“Welcome home”, I tell him.
He’s wearing a Raytheon shirt.  
Ryan works for a competitor.
Keeps trying to get people to touch his pony.
The fellow that knows the name of the pony receives the handle ponyboy
And this guy here has a chance to show off photos of his awesome leatherworking.
Holsters for pistols.  Real cowboy / gunslinger shit.
The Illuminati crew is here now.


0229  What’s this?  
A crazy looking conga line?
Those backpacks are blasting music.
Let’s go!


DC949 Guerrilla party


  

0232  Dancing our way down the hallway


  
  

Kyle keeps talking about the ghost busters
As I attempt to explain bug powder and Naked Lunch
Discussing Cronenberg is a daunting prospect, even while sober.
So I just shut up and continue to dance through Interzone, led by the pied pipers.
Hide your children, you have to be 21+ for this ride.


0232  “I’m legally obligated to ask:
Is anyone here from North Carolina?”
Our multigendered group piles into the men’s room.
Then we head next door, into the women’s bathroom.
(I’ll take “Stuff I wouldn’t try solo or sober” for 500)
It’s much nicer.  They have a lobby, they have couches.  
Seems like an ineffective use of the space.
  

This girl asks us “Why are there no women in the women’s room?”
Then she starts dancing in the center, while the rest keep to the wall.
Shots guy pours me a glass of whiskey.  Tastes like burning.  I don’t expect this will end well.
  



Kyle seems flabbergasted, full of wonder.
“Is this not simply a typical Vegas night?”


Make our way to the bar, where Joshua buys us shots of fireball
And then a round of rum and coke.
I think I still have a skosh left in my Tipsy Squirrel flask.


0300  I’ve lost my brother.  Text him:  “Hey.  R u ok”
He responds:  “Yeah… At the bar.  Things are ok so far this year…”


0307  Paris roadblock.  Move on.


  

We’ve piled into the tiny Group Information room for a cozy dance party.
Then all exfiltrate through the window.
This is one of my favorite DEF CON memories.


0336  Found Ryan again.
Deafening roar around the fountain.
Chat with the guy in the NOFX hat about punk rock and other such outsider music.


At some point Joshua’s provided us with another round of rum and cokes.


  

0351  This time we’ve managed to infiltrate the contest area.
We’re not supposed to be here at this time and are promptly chased out.


0416  Lost Ryan again.
Kyle stops to flirt with a hostess.
I make a half-hearted attempt to stop him.
“Goddammit, Kyle.”


It is announced that we finally got where we were going.
I think it was somewhere near the pool.
Let’s turn around.
  



0459  Broken Lizard, Slammin’ Salmon
Someone’s doing magic tricks.  Deck of cards and sleight of hand.
I think we’ve now exposed every square inch of Bally’s ground floor to our fête.


0517  Ryan calls Kyle’s phone.
At the same time he sees Kyle walk by.
Ryan is talking to Kyle’s phone.
But Kyle is not talking on his phone.
He might be in trouble.
Something about going through a window.
I take him back to the room and attempt to nurse him back to health.
We should be able to get the phone back from security in the morning.


Puking in (but not on) your pants is henceforth known as “Pulling a Kyle”
For the participant, it is arguably worse than “Pulling a Jonas”
Are you even sure it’s your puke?  (“Oh, you went to one of those parties”)
There’s puke on the shoes too.  Achievement Unlocked.
That’s why you need pants, not shorts.
[but Shakespeare’s done it too May 29th, 2020 - awesome fun times!]


  



I wake up during the timeslot for the “How to overthrow a Government” talk.
Kyle really wanted to see this one, but I’ll let him sleep.  He can catch it later.


  

I think there’s humus on my pizza.  My Lee would like this.


Elevator ride up to 26. Girl in line says she has the same jacket that I’m wearing.
Stuff is full up here and I’m not prepared to wait in line.


  

  



1356  Text from Ryan announces success in the retrieval of Kyle’s phone.
Sounds like he isn’t in trouble.
The security guard is glad to not be the last guy to have a flip phone.
Hacker guy says “Yeah, I brought my burner phone, too”
Ryan has to respond “Um, actually, this is my real phone”


Follow Claudus up to the Qualcomm room.
Sign in, he tells me there’s a beer in the tub.
  

Then up a floor and they have food.


We spend some time trying to crack the Caesar challenge.
It seems safe to assume that the plaintext reads “The user name is…” 
But we haven’t yet sussed the encoding.
Claudus wins a fitbit in a raffle.
  



1540  Phone tells me this is my most active day ever.
I beat the record I set last year’s DEF CON
I take another step, another ten.
Exhausted.


Catch drunk hacker history on DCTV and it’s our Jaku as the “honorable” Judge Jaku


We spend some discussion time attempting to reconstruct the narrative of last night.
  



Make an attempt to play Dragon’s Lair in the Chillout lounge.
It looks neat, but we quickly learn it’s designed to be a quarter sink, all about memorization
  



Putting the non-alcoholic lemonade in the paper bag just makes it look needlessly shady.
And why’d she put that in like, 3 plastic bags?


  

Rattata vs Ponyta


  

1920  We’re in line for Hacker Jeopardy with our leet-ass beanbags.
Til the mean man comes and takes our beanbags away.


I got more rum and coke.
You say coke?
Let’s do lines in line.
Friendly neighbor guy offers us Coors.
Ryan takes one.


It is announced that drinks must be dumped (policy of the hotel)
Worrying there will be a check I chug the flask.
I swallowed the baby.
I still have a bottle in my backpack.
There is no check.


A question on RFC 4861
“Do you work in technology or do you work at K-Mart?”
500, then 400 - let’s pop the stack category.


Shouted the answer without a registered buzz in
“This guy suffers from premature enunciation”


/bin/yes takes the lead because they drank twice as much as SETEC did


Final category Wetnorking
In Alphabetical order, the OSI layers that correspond to prime numbers.


“We fucked it up” FTW


2208  Another person asks Ryan if he’s a Brony
And once again he explains no, he just got drunk at a contest and they gave him one.


  

Up to the suites and then back down and across.
To Track 2 for Information Society.
We’re rockin’ 80’s style.


Say hi to Joe and Leslie (met at PhreakNIC)
But it’s too noisy here to really talk


2336  G Mark combs Ryan’s pony.
He even provides his own comb.


  

Found a pill that claims to be a caffeine alternative.  None of us are brave enough to take it.


  

Elevator guard sees Kevin’s Midas shirt and asks if he’s a fan of cars.
Ryan responds “Not at all.  I’m not even Kevin”
And then the guard proceeds to talk about racing cars.


  

Sign the waiver and head into drone wars.
After us, they’re not letting anyone else in.


  

Picked up a CD:  “Some Sort of Mix or Something”


  

Also, blue ball.


  

Staple guy is not impressed.


Sunday, August 7, 2016
0000  Grifter, ina wizard robe and hat 
Seizes the opportunity to comb Ryan’s pony.
He’s wearing a power glove.  It’s so bad.


801
We get in line for the 801 party.
Exchanging more lame jokes.
Overexcited dude trying to get in, flashing Utah ID
My roommate’s an ex-mormon, does that get me in?
There are two rules:
* Guys with the 801 badge take precedence.
* Tip yer bartenders.
Jayson Street comes and goes.
Ryan managed to score an awkward hug.
Some random dude solicits a fist bump from me
And turns it into a tie fighter.
That’s pretty cool.


  

  

0029  Aliens and astronauts are in attendance


  

0133  A DJ in the bedroom, guy using a blower to keep things aloft.
Weird people.  My kind of people.


  

0306  Another taker for the pony party.
Hanging out at the bar, having random conversations.


0425  No party like a neutrino party, ‘cause a neutrino party don’t stop (c.f. PhreakNIC 18)


  

Nothing left but memories.


0940  Ryan has acquired more lights.
And he keeps shoving them into his pony hole.


Trying to figure out how we can buy a copy of the room’s Ariane Bazin painting.  None for sale.
1100  Chilling in the room, watching the talk on rogue cell towers.


  

1137  Instantiate another “Follow Dave Con”


1250  Playing T2 pinball and asteroids in the bean bag room.


1640  Beach balls and lasers at closing ceremonies.
Helpful goon trying to return a hat to its rightful owner.  It is magical, see, it has +4 to charisma.
Ryan gets hit by a beach ball, spiked:  “It’s not a DEF CON ‘til you’ve taken balls to the face”
Lady from line is now knitting something yellow.  Probably a Pikachu.


Late start due to projector problems. 
“Anyone out there know how to run a projector?  
Raise your hand if you’re technical”
We’re gonna try rebooting it.


Last year, ~16k people.  
This year there were 22k lanyards and they ran out.


  

I did not expect Apple to have such a big lead.


Grifter keeps quoting dodge ball


A whopping two million dollars for first place in the Cyber Grand Challenge.
And the machine gets a black badge.


Wander down to the pool.
A red or black badge to get in.  
Guard asks us for names.
He’s looking for someone in a blue sports coat, but my name doesn’t match.


Tacos
2000  We decide to stick with the familiar, Taco Y Taco
I want Kyle to reconnoiter Tacos El Gordo before we trust the rumors


  

Barbacoa, Buche, Cabeza.
That kid just kicked a knife at me.
I’m watching it spin.
Now that he’s unarmed I think I can take him.


Back to Bally’s for last minute conversation
Then Kyle takes Ryan to the airport.


I pick up some “Not Your Father’s”
Ambulance arrives.
Cashier tells me her coworker had a heart attack.


Telephreak
2300  Claudus, low key explains that he put together the crypto challenge for the Illuminati.
And this hoarse-voiced girl vouches for him.
We now have wrist bands for Telephreak.
  



  

Like the Illuminati, these guys have a microwave.


  



I jump into kilt talk with two bearded viking types
Claudus’ advice is don’t wear one, since Vegas people can be pretty bold in catching a look.
Or do wear one.  I’m not your Dad.


So tired that I cannot function properly
But I don’t want to close the chapter
Awkward things in the elevator
“For rectal use only”


Lightning talks resume.
We go into the other room.


“Do you know who that is?”
“Wha, who?  …  Oh, my pocket protector.  Yeah, that’s Timmy”
“Right answer”
Monday, August 8, 2016


0000 I have a handshake with Seric.
Who I recognize from previous years ‘cause he always rocks the badass Vampire MC jacket.


Strix shows up and talks briefly about starting a secret society.
He plans to design a kickass badge.
The Queercon badges are top notch.
Octopus oddness, NFS and temperature sensors.
Put it in the fridge.  Don’t put it in the microwave.
He comments on some guy’s tessellated pants.  He wants to see Escher’s angels and demons instead.
  



I’m headed up to 26 and at the top find Claudus and follow him back down.
One woman is about to flash another, but the door opens on the lobby, the moment is gone.
2751p, a DJ’s room.  Serious debate over whether to prank the guy on the couch.
“The moral is don’t sleep around us”
Pirate princess pickle bunny is world famous.
Every time the picture comes up, he needs to set the record straight on the context.
They use him for life lessons, to explain why alcohol is bad.
But he fell asleep prepared and on purpose, shoes off.
He didn’t pass out, so he was off limits.
His friends are just assholes.


He explains that he has to introduce himself as Joshua, one can’t introduce oneself as “Pickle”
Then he notices me.  “I haven’t met you yet”
I introduce myself.  “I’m Pickle”
“You’re an asshole, you fit right in.  We’re all assholes and bitches”


I recognize that these people populate the vendor area.
We need to find some way to spread things out.
Things are crazy busy on Friday, leaving no time for interaction
And they sell out on Saturday.


They tell us the secret to social engineering your way into the goon party is to say:
“I’m here for the private event”


Back in the elevator, she looking worse for wear, her friends holding her upright.
It’s her birthday, they explain, she just turned 21.


Back up to floor 26
Chat with a guy who competed in the CTF.
The AI did the worst, but they changed the API and later learned it was submitting some really good stuff.
He flies back to Israel in a couple hours.


This guy comments I should have a blue badge to legitimize my notebook.
“I’m not press”


The door is closed, but you can pry it a bit and trick the sensor.
I help some people out with this.
“Good morning.  Good night?  Open sesame.”


“What are you logging?”
“A little of everything”
“I hope my foot makes it in”


0230  Bar is closing, overflow and wander.


  

“Can I get out this way?”
“Yeah, it’s the only way”
Caution sign notwithstanding.
Next guy to come along knocks it over.


0300 Follow Claudus to the inaugural ShowerCon
I was almost too nervous to attend, since everyone at ShowerCon has to give a talk.
@Zero_ChaosX is MC’ing, and the environment is chill as can be.
SkyBox rules apply, any topic you want, no recording.
“What happens at ShowerCon…”
I speak briefly on code copulation
Any questions?
“Why are you wearing a jacket?”
Claudus gives another talk, this time on the crypto challenge he put together
Eventually the Telephreak host comes in, thanks us for the initiative, and lets us know the party is shutting down


Wake up in time to schedule check-out.
They say we can stay in the room ‘til noon.
Travel days at the end are always a pain.
But at least we’re not flying Delta.


Wander through the aftermath with Claudus
  

  

This is not my itap


  

Whimsical


  

Creepy AF


Index
Appendix:  Walking
Thursday          8.97 miles
Friday           4.85 miles
Saturday         14.84 miles
Sunday         6.94 miles
Monday         7.66 miles


Total:  43.26 miles
That’s 69.62 kilometers and yet I didn’t hatch a single egg.
