A little bit of snow
It's the giant, slow flakes.  My favorite.


Saturday
I wake to find the folks in my house
We head to Einstein's Bagels for breakfast
Everyone seems to know each other here
Yes, we're Jon.  Larry is sitting at the cool kid's table
Steve will be arriving shortly.  It's Mardi Gras
We head downtown to Soulard; east and south a bit
there are some phone instructions we follow then ignore
Head away from the epicenter to park
I didn't think the car would fit in the space Dad squeezed it into
And then we head towards the festivities
Scoff at the hawkers selling beads
Holy crap, there are a lot of drunk people
Check the clock, it's not yet noon
It's flunk day without the veneer of academia
  

We're looking for the winner of the Monster party contest I was reading about.
They have an ice luge.
  

The parade route is densely packed
we wander down the street a bit, catch a bead or two
Southern Comfort beads, to match my drink
three water bottles in coat pockets
Shenanigans are afoot
I text Jim.  "We're here."
He replies with an address.
I navigate us there and we step into Dale's
Mom is scared; reluctant to shed her coat:  "We're probably not staying"
Margarita in hand she starts to unwind
Gesticulations, slaps a girl who is on the way to the bathroom
and thus her reputation for violence is born
almost to fisticuffs when she thought that Jim slighted Savannah.  “Oh no!  I love the city”
I was nervous, somewhat nervous
I told them of Steve's orientation, but never mentioned Jim's
Suspected they knew, but it never explicitly came up
So it's me and my folks and a house full of gays
and somehow it never really gets awkward
or maybe I just fail to notice...
Well, Steve says "We're all the same here"
with respect to the upstairs bathroom that doesn't have a door and the throngs of people up there
and my Mother begs to differ.  Though I guess it's good on him for being gender blind
The chili is good.  Dale's brother is a Texan.  Steers and queers.
Pretty Polly Polynomial and lying tangent to her curves
Steve and I are making nerdy math jokes
Don't drink and derive.  That kind of stuff
Dallas reaches into my pocket for some more of the good stuff
The SoCo that is so cherry flavored you can hardly taste the alcohol
But the addition of energy drinks makes the head swim.  "I'm feeling it"
As we exit we say goodbye to those on the couch
(Ma feels bad for arriving empty handed and never properly thanking the host)
Later asks me "Does he (Alan) live there too?"  No, Dale lives alone.
  

  

Me:  “Do you think he dresses like that every day?”
Mom:  “No, I think that's a rented costume.  He's just a poser.”
  

  

We put a stray glove on the tree.  “Now it's flipping off everyone”
Back out into the street and looking for the stage
the only agenda I had were bands on it
"Vote for Pedro" "Superjam"
and "Big Brother Thunder and the Master Blasters"
Steve is shaking his proverbial "Groove Thang"
"Once you get him wound up..."
He explains the principals of asymmetry
and mixes it up with girls and boys alike
cops are rushing back and forth in groups and riding on the gators
  

The streets are a mess, filled with detritus
bottles and cans (both contraband)
remains of the “Almighty Turkey Legs”
that are sold by nuns, or at least nun-like people
the band wants to encore, but the cops want to go home


hunting for food on the way home, we happen onto The Hill
a slightly upscale neighborhood, known for its Italian food
but it's Modesto, Spanish tapas that draws us in
we're kinda disheveled, getting sleepy
Steve orders a Sangria and helps lead the charge into food
with the lambs and the goat cheeses and slices of steaks


  

Sunday morning we head upriver for eagle watching
they're having a bit of an event at the lock and dam
inside the tent a vulture buzzes the crowd heads
but we're too late for the dam event
so we just take a casual dam tour


  

Here, get a picture of us flipping the bird


“Are these eagle head hats for anyone to make?”
“Yes, please do.”  I was reluctant at first.  But I want the one with the angry face.  
“Oh, I see she talked you into it”
“The eagle has landed” some lady announces after we exit the elevator.  “Oh, you mean us.”
  

We crashed the barge in the simulator
  
  



  

we head again to Herrin to visit Mnke
(Hey there, 6-eyes)
and we exchange Christmas gifts
he gives Mother a Zombie snuggie, bumper sticker, and poster
I sing a snippet of Karaoke, because Alyssa demands it
and then we play some Battleship, but incorrectly
Joey has mismatched shoelaces like me
  



Monday I meet Elonka for dinner and a movie
Star Wars Episode I in 3D (since she has free passes)
and she announces, over sake and noodles
that she has a meningioma, become an unwilling member of the cancer club
her doctors seem incompetent and rude; too many unknowns and contradictions
it's a somewhat morose conversation


Interviews with Singapore Tuesday, Wednesday night
(Friday canceled)  some of the sorriest candidates we've had
HsiuFen says she's going to smack the head-hunter that brought them in


Sickness spreads throughout the office
Ryan and wxw have the worst of it
We need to quarantine the FASes
I'm a little snivelly and sleepy
but avoiding the brunt of it
