Xiaowen is asking the boss
Are you addicted to your Apple?
She doesn't really see the appeal of the cult of Mac
But she drops the last syllable of one word
and so actually asks:
Are you a dick to your Apple?
And there is a lingering, rolling chuckle


October 2
10pm and I'm trying to sleep
I slip into another brief foray into Hell.
The whole episode lasted, maybe half an hour, tops.
I fire off ~200 words at the tail end of it
I'm not sure what precipitated the attack
In the past it has been drugs, but I haven't had any recently
“It exists because it does”
I spend a few minutes panicking on that mantra
My reason still tells me that complex systems can arise from simple rules
and that there is no need for mysticism
but it's no comfort.  I panic.  I panic.
The frightening thing is the sense of Deja Vu
every motion becomes digital and nothing is fluid
Having hands seems like the strangest thing right now
loss of control.  the feeling that nothing I take for granted is real
and that I'm about to regress into another tight and infinite loop
I'm cold and feel pain throughout my body
convinced I'll never feel pleasure again
So I try to do nothing rash
and ride it out
the feeling subsides and everything seems so ordinary again
I've lost control.  Five minutes ago that was terrifying
but the same thought is now comforting
I can't do something drastically wrong
my auto-pilot won't let me


Columbus Day Weekend – October 8 and 9
Heading to central Illinois to hang with the folks
The town names are Effingham (hey, don't talk about my ham that way)
and Dix (OK, now you're making it too easy)
Looking up the attractions.  They're really into crappie things.  The fish.


  

My mother is chatting with the old guy at the historic village
and she knows just how to talk to him
railing against kids these days
but when he starts to talk about how sitting in front of a computer never put a potato on a table
she touches my shoulder.  This guy here can afford a whole sack of potatoes
  

Joey has an obsession with checking out the butt of pieces of art
  

  

The fuzzy wrench is the biggest aesthetic-material differential / disappointment since the Sydney opera house
  

  

Homecoming is going on and we're making fun of the awkward ways the girls walk in high heels
And my mother is the harshest at it.
“It's like when you're a little kid and dressing up in your mother's clothes.  You know what I mean?
I mean, I hope you don't know what I mean...”
  

  



  

At night we head over to the Mexican restaurant Agave
to play spoons while drinking a pitcher of Margaritas
and the kids keep playing / singing the Cupid Shuffle
“To the right, to the right, to the right, to the right”
my Mother points out how appropriate that is here
(since she thought they were saying Cuban Shuffle)
And my Father has gone to sleep
but they keep seeing him everywhere
In this window, in that one
The secret life of Jon
he's sleepwalked his way into every room on every floor of the hotel


  

  

Someone had scrawled 666 (with a smiley) on this (stranger's) car before we encountered it
We think that's cool and all, but decided to balance it out with a Jesus fish
“It looks more like a breast cancer ribbon”
  

At breakfast the next morning:
There's a guy walking around in a neat hat and wearing pyjamas with shorts
In the elevator he says to Alyssa (after he robs her of the opportunity):
“Sorry to spoil your fun.  It's fun pushing buttons”


We're looking for places to hike
but around here they're only interested in hunting
  



  



  
  

  

A trip to Olney, IL on the way home to see their famed white squirrels
