It’s Easter and Spring Break for the Folks
 They drive down to escape the snow
 another foot is coming in their never-ending winter


 I take them to Crazy Bowls & Wraps
 In the car she asks "Is this Phantom of the Opera"
 as the organ sounds.  "Oh, it's just his crazy radio station"


 Driving through cow country
  on the way to Sikestown
 where they throw rolls
 on the way to Graceland, Memphis
 listening to Elvis


 Mom has lost her feet (seriously I can't find them)
 in the back seat of the Mustang
 (have you seen my feet?)
 then she drops an M&M in her shoe
 [your foot would have stopped it]


 The sticker at Sun Records says "I'm not here"
 the whole thing has an other-worldly feel
 it's the birthplace of rock&roll they say.  Mecca
 but Graceland has too many gift shops to feel sacred
 inundated with his face on merchandise
 there's more purchase than pilgrimage about you...


 I explain how we gave Mr. Infinity (the Microsoft superhero) a taco.


 Night time and we're on Beale street
 looking for BBQ - just talking to people
  BBKing and some blues music
 Watching people in the street
 cops keep showing up
 they seem to just be moving barricades
 (I need some backup to move this another foot)
 and their cars around
 just abandoning them with lights flashing


 I took the Shoe Mitt from the hotel.  Like I said I would.
 It's just fun to say.  And the moisturizer
 and the matches that say "For Fire Use Only"
 Ryan took a pack, too.
  Falling asleep to the Chapelle show
 we're awakened by some preacher
 Ma knocks on the door and turns on the princess bride


 The riverside statue.  Is he rescuing a guy or is that a fish?
 I think he's rescuing the fish.  Impaled on his obelisk.
 Coast guard floats down the river.  What the hell are they guarding?
 [Don't want them Arkansas boys sneaking over here]


 I set off the alarm when my hand brushes the foot of BB King
 the lady attending the desk at the Information Berk is captivating
  Marking up our map with lines and Xs, just a hint of sass
 but I can't help but stare at her tired blue veins


  We drive down the street called "General Washburn's Escape Alley"
 at the end we find three bricks and a shoe.


 I did enjoy Sun Records, the guide had some personality
 and we learn more about his shy side, his early failures
 But for me, the best part was just seeing the folks
 cruising with Natalie (the GPS)
 looking for Ma's misplaced feet


 White rock is exposed, grey clouds curling over
 in muted tones of dark drown the branches sweep
 and baby buds the size of rain drops on the windshield
  whisper of spring's desire and there's a blue heron standing in the ditch


 I'm writing in the car while Ryan drives, listening to Bad Religion
 Reading in-between.  Alfred, Lord Tennyson.
  Halfway between this world and the NeXT
 [I am a man, part machine, born of circuit stock
 my pulse is measured in megahertz
 synapse sparks keyboard hand
 gathering digital daisies
 under a silicon sun...]


  The Meremac has overflowed.  It's washed away houses
 fields are flooded, sheets of water shimmering
 a hint, a dream, of untold depths


 with big flakes of snow falling I have to find an alternative route home
 It is incredibly beautiful in the transitive sense
 life is hardly ever like this


 It's been a while since I've heard from.  People.
 And so I send Scott an email.  And he replies.
  Frist Psot since he moved to Scotland.  [Has a kilt]
  And something from Shalini.  Happy day.
(She chides me into switching to my gmail account)


 I'm reading the source to adventure when ma calls
 and tells me about the animals they've found alongside the road
  and I'm picturing them as enum objects in all CAPS
 {OWL, ARMADILLO, RACCOON}
 Mississippi is scary, they concluded
 they asked the friendly biker what they should see
 he said Memphis
 (But we came from there)
 uh, how about New Orleans, then.
