Mardi Gras 2014


Thursday night, driving down
Becomes Friday morning driving down
Saturday likes to party
Sunday morning coming down
Monday, Lundi gras sneaks up on little mouse feet
Tuesday, Mardi gras marches forth
Wednesday, whatever.




Thursday night, driving down
I make a checklist consisting of:  phone charger, toothbrush.  I think everything else is already packed.
Andrew warns me about the hurricanes and at first I think he’s talking about weather.
Then I realize he meant the drink.
Tales texts:  “Enjoy New Orleans like a Brazilian would, it is carnival!!!!”


Lee arrives.
It’s early evening.  It’s a ten-hour drive.  Vote:
A)  Sleep here tonight.  Leave very early in the morning.
B)  Leave now, find some place to sleep part-way there.
C)  Leave now, drive all the way there.
I abstain.
Mother leans towards A or B, but voluntarily reduces her own vote’s weight to 20 or 15% percent.
Since Lee just drove 7 hours to get here he gets 40% of the vote and he chooses C.
We pack up my little gray car and start driving down on 141.
Plug in the ipod and start the New Orleans playlist.  Kid Rock - New Orleans
And selections from Doctors, Professors, Kings & Queens: The Big Ol' Box of New Orleans.
The GPS makes our car look like a massive hovercraft, like a surreal pac man munching up road dots.


Does anyone want sandwiches?  Don’t crush the bread.  
This thing sells peanut butter in New York:
  

I think that it looks like a dog in a tortilla.  
Lee says that it’s a sloth.
Turns out it’s a monkey.
(In a tortilla?)


  
Exhibit A


We’re chomping wasabi almonds.
Lee discovers a secret technique for flavor maximization and suggests that I try it.
So I rub one on my winter-chapped and badly chewed lips.
It burns.  I am not glad that I did this.
“I just got hit by a shoe full of nuts.  How’s the bread?”


We get gas in Memphis and Lee spins a yarn around the panhandler.
He’s a divorced mouth harp jazz musician in the midst of reconciliation with his estranged wife.
Lee would love to help, but the ten bucks in his pocket is earmarked for a doctor in New Orleans.  
To pay for his daughter’s treatment.
Becomes Friday morning driving down
At 1:46 New Orleans is 146 miles away.
Lee takes the wheel and puts on dubstep.
And educates us on Arkansas rice production.


We enter the city under cover of darkness.  It is quiet, empty.
  

It’s not yet 5 a.m. and Lee has acquired the first set of beads.
A glass slipper left over from Nyx, goddess of the night.
Now you’re ready for a big princess…
Wedding.


We’re looking for somewhere warm to hole up.
Big red sign: Girls, Girls, Girls.
Mother says “We’re not going in there”
Lee responds “Why not?  He looks nice”
(Turns out, he didn’t see the sign and thought she was just put off by the doorman)
  
  

  

Beignets and coffee at Cafe Du Monde.
There’s a mound of powder sugar.  Do you suppose that’s what they thought monde meant?
Maybe.
That box of beignet mix brings back painful memories for Lee.
A brother, a broken promise, a 21st birthday.
Don’t worry, we’ll replace those memories with better ones.
Don’t worry, twisting the knife is the first part of the healing process.
OK, wait.  I don’t think that new memories will actually be any better than the old ones.
There’s a homeless guy sleeping next to a stack of scribbled-on legal pads.
The pair outside ask if we have any spare blankets.  It’s cold.
  

We go to the river and do the moonwalk because a sign told us to.
The lonely light dings and an invisible ghost train rumbles on by.  Again and again.
It’s 6 a.m. and we’re all still awake.
Best-case scenario: we can check in to the hotel in seven hours.
Worst-case scenario: ten hours.
We have a parade to attend in twelve.
Who’s idea was it to drive straight through?
We find a parking lot under I-10 and sleep in the car.
In the morning it has warmed up nicely.
We head to the park.


  

A sign tells us there is NO museum of art.
It also has Noh theatre?
(In Mississippi everything sounds like a beauty pageant)


  

Coffee at Morning Call in the Oaks.
A 24-hour cafe in the park?  How splendid.
Why don’t I live in a city like this?


What is this?  Nescafe?
I got a funny look when I ordered it black.
And now I see why everyone drinks it au lait.  I don’t like chicory coffee.   
It’s a caffeine-free ersatz product born of necessity and civil war desperation.
Thank god they have the modern sensibility to at least put some real coffee in there.
They have Irish coffee and beer listed under “Treats” alongside ice cream and popcorn.


We tour some cemeteries.  St. Louis 3 and 1.
  

That’s a pretty sweet castle.  I’m totally having Alfortish make my crypt.
  

Marie Laveau, the Voodoo Queen
  

Nicolas Cage’s pyramid.


Head back to the French Quarter.
It’s much more lively now than it was at 5.
We open the sunroof.  C’mon balcony girls, throw us some beads.
Hey, you could high-five that horse guy.


Food at Magnolia Grill.
A round of bloody marys, then gator in jambalaya.
Staff was friendly enough, the food was merely alright.


We check into our hotel.  The Royal St. Charles.
  

They give us green bracelets as a token for reentry.
If you lose it, it’s $25
If you need one for a special friend, it’s only $10
If I lose mine, pretend you don’t really know me.


Somebody has to seriously step up their sandwich eatin’
I start a quest with my mom to get ice for the cooler.  
We snag the last five ice cubes from the ninth floor.
In the elevator we run into a pair of nice old ladies.
We follow them to the seventh floor.  They head into room 701.
We fill the bucket and head back to our room, 908.
And apparently 901 is where the party is at.
A group of girls are heading in.
They have two king cakes.
That’s the end of the story.
I swear.
(Although there may have been an implication of more, for the sake of adding it to our mythos)


Later:  Lee and I in the elevator with two girls going up to the ninth floor.
He asks them: Are you staying in 901?
Yeah, how’d you know that?
David, tell them the story.
There isn’t a story.
Tell the story.
There isn’t a story.
Tell them the story.
There isn’t a story.  [I start to tell the story]
Tell the rest of the story.
There isn’t a story.
  And now they just think we’re creepy.
During each subsequent day Lee tries to reconcile things, but they won’t talk to him.


We leave my parents behind and head out to Bourbon Street.
This reminds me of Soulard’s Mardi Gras.  College kids and camo.
Except in St. Louis we’d already have a heap of passed out frat boys 
And here they’re just getting warmed up.
The street crowd is very interesting, but it’s the balconies that have ensared our attentions.
  

Lee proposes to his princess in a pink hat.
Sadly, she isn’t quite as smitten.  That oiseau rebelle, she throws her beads to me instead.
And Lee, the mercurial Romeo that he is, has now set his eyes on Wonder Woman.
He leaps to defend her honor against the philistines that called her Super Girl.
I have caught myself the blue dress of some signature Dragonfly beads.
A little later Super Girl does make an appearance.


We need a big, strong man to catch these big, big beads.
Lee steps up.  
The beads shatter.
(To be fair, he did catch them)


Then they single him out of the crowd to eagerly notify that down the street there is a genuine naked lady.
Bead still my beating heart.


  

There’s a surprising large number of Elvises roaming the streets.
At some point we get to talking with our neighbors about Jesus.
Maybe it was prompted by the street preachers walking past.
And contrary to his sign’s implication we’re pretty sure that Jesus would love it here.
“He’d turn all this shit we’re drinking into some world-class booze.”
The old lady to our right concurs in a voice that is part marm’s murmur and part drunken slur.


  



“This might sound weird” he tells me
Lee needs a drink before he can get a drink.
So we head back to more familiar waters, the Magnolia Grill.
  

Lee orders a mimosa and I a shot of moonshine.
And so now we’re ready to start drinking.
Head back down to Bourbon
Get a couple of beers.
  

  



I get a text from my folks and so we coordinate to meet up
For another round of drinks.  Hurricanes.
  

I’m overcome with a desire to drink out of blinking skull
And no qualms with overpaying for the experience.
I walk up to this guy and ask where he got his.
Up the street, there at “Spirits of Bourbon”
“Ask for the resurrection.”
There’s a jalepeňo in it.


This bar has some bizarre racy shtick involving a dentist chair.  
I have a dentist chair at the ready, a barber chair too.  
But not the bosom to pull off what she does.
It’s a six dollar shot.
  



Crowds and costumes.  Noise and motion.
And now it’s time to stand and wait for a parade.
Watching its slow approach using the tracker app.
Lee says he can’t make it.  He asks me for a room key and takes off.
It seems like he’s saying he can’t trade the vibrancy of Bourbon for the boringness of waiting.
I later learn he just went up to the room for a nap.
He comes back to enjoy parading with us.


We start with Hermes, the winged messenger.  They throw beads with the caduceus.
We’re standing next to the grandstand and they get the lion’s share of stuff.
Kids get the good stuff.
We get the scraps.
And yet, it’s only our first parade and we’ve already accumulated too many beads.
I don’t think that all these will fit in the car.  We were packed pretty tight to begin with.


  

Next comes Krewe d’Etat, the one we anticipated, the one with skulls.
Strangely, I keep thinking crudité instead of coup d’etat.
  

We’ve formed a symbiotic relationship with our neighbors to the left.
Collecting and trading blinky toys and other treasures.
Lee has a flashing tail.
It was once a flag.
  
  

Exhausted and by this point my feet are killing me.
We head back to the room during a lull in Morpheus, our bounty in tow.
From the window in our room we can watch the parade stretch and hear its noise a while longer.
  



Saturday likes to party


I wake briefly in the a.m. to the sound of the machinery of street cleaning.
In a town with food this good, I don’t know how we managed to skip dinner last night.




  

Dr. Haveabunny is ready for another parade.
  

Lee and I venture forth to fetch some squirrel on a stick (and now Lee is looking at everyone through a pip boy)
(The word squirrel is more painful to Lee than a box of beignet mix, for reasons I can’t go in to)
We come back with gator and shrimp sticks.


  

Excited guy from Pittsburgh tells me that the real joy is watching the girls bounce for beads.
“Find one you like and keep your eye on her”
Is that his wife standing behind him?
“We have nothing like this where I come from”
He sounds a lot like Rance, the sort of deep, gravely voice 
That comes with east coast big city living and a whole lot of smoking.


This man has a son in the band.
He begs the officer to retoss beads that lie in the street.
He points at his name tag.  Captain.
I spent an hour polishing my shoes (c.f. Funky Forest)
And I don’t want to scuff them.
He bends over carefully, slowly picks them up, and hands them over.


The candy van rolls by.
“Are you for real?  You trying to get me arrested?  Blue kush is good, but weed ain’t legal here, yet”
“They are lollipops”


There’s an accent.  
There’s a Transylvanian.
Is she French or Canadian?
“I’m short”
Mother offers her to stand in front but caveats it:
“Your face is at elbow level”


Ma gets mad props for her little purple hat.
“Can we take a photo with you?”


Dad jumps the barricade to get a bag.
But a little kid snatched it up first.
The officer comes to us with a reprimand and some friendly advice: 
“Just go around”


  

  



And next come the Tucks.
  



  

  

K.C. is on that float.  
Didn’t I tell you K.C. was going to be in a parade?
You did, but I didn’t put it together that you meant her.  Didn’t she spell her name Kaye?
Yes, but she goes by K.C.


I ask to borrow Lee’s lighter.
See, these beads hold up to a light braising.  Must be camel bone.
(c.f. the trading of the backpack in Petra)


I kick the shoes off my tired feet and make my way carefully barefoot through the filth and debris.


Refuel with another round of Hurricanes
And Dad&Lee emerge from the liquor store with two six-packs of Abita Jacomo IPA
Lee keeps semi-surreptitiously refilling my cup from his large novelty glass.
We find a spot for Edamame, err… Endymion.  One of the super krewes.
  

But maybe we should move down the street a bit.
White trash berates her brother:
“I’m not your mom, I’m your sister, therefore you must respect me”
The twelve year old boy walks off, flipping the bird over his shoulder.
We have to hold my mother back when dear sister starts talking about her own children.


The next fight is much more congenial.
The husband (married all of eight months) gives his wife a t-shirt.
“You bought me an extra large!?”




  

Random neighbor shares his water bottle of Captain Morgan 100.
  





Post-parade Lee and I head out
Some girl stands in the doorway to 901.
It’s not one of the two that have stopped talking to us.
“Can we come in?”
“We’re open”
We walk on by.
I’m later cursed for this executive decision, but I stand by it.


  

Trash.
  

Trashed.


We make our way back to Bourbon.
Near Canal street I witness a failed negotiation.
Pointing at a set of beads, then her chest.  Her hand poised on shirt to seal the deal.
But she keeps rejecting offers with gestures.  No, not those beads.  No, not those.
Those.  I want those.
She seems oddly focused, fixated, insistent.
She doesn’t smile.  
She looks simply irritated.
It’s the next girl that gets the beads.
And she didn’t even have to lift her shirt.


I have my notebook out and it attracts its own attention.
“You look like an author”  
Lee says: “He is” 
(“I told them you were with the New York Times.  They weren’t impressed”)
Next time, we’ll try TMZ.  Or Girls Gone Wild.


“It’s Mardi Gras!  Write that down!”
“Technically, it’s not ‘til Tuesday.  Put that in your article.”


We are weirdly corralled through the crowded street.  “This is insane”
I’m standing on a pile of beads.  Yet another offer of drugs.
“You like to party?”  Nose rub.  (I forgot all about the Hot Rod reference Lee later thought I was making)
I smell weed again.
It’s not even 10pm.


Doey incredulity, eager and wide.
Bleary and blotto, half-aware.
I’m watching pairs of eyes.


It is a visceral atmosphere, feral and infectious.
Small scraps of sensuality in a tumultuous sea of frenzy.
A blue dress squeezes past me and announces matter of factly (apropos of nothing?)
“I have nice tits”


“The beads aren’t big enough for it”
Over there, someone ripostes “Fuck all you guys!”
“These babies don’t come out for nobody”
And yet, a few minutes later, there they are.
Are you still keeping track, Lee?
He’s up to 17.


His goal is clearly closer inspection of her secondary sexual characteristics.
Presumably to gather data to factor into his assessment of her suitability as a mate.
To achieve this end, it is in his interest to create an atmosphere of maximal comfort, acceptance, respect.
Since his over-inebriation has already put him at a disadvantage in showcasing the quality of his own genes.
He demonstrates bad decision making and poor coordination.  He stumbles, he sways.  
And this is what he shouts: “Show your fuckin’ tits”
Surely, there isn’t a single sapient entity that would comply with such a sloppy, nigh hostile request.
And yet, she does.
In exchange she is bestowed pennies worth of plastic.
How does this unruly mob and this raving bro imbue such value
To the same trinkets that anyone can simply pluck by the pound from the sky or from the ground?
A critical mass resulting in a bizarre and complex emergent phenomenon.
Beads fly right past the prefrontal cortex and hit the nucleus accumbens hard.
I observe in a semi-detached manner, but my pulse is heightened, my eyes do scan.
I catch what I can.


Ad hoc congo lines form as people try to keep track of their companions
“I’m sorry.  I’m holding on to my husband”


[Redacted]
“That’s why you brought a walkman?”


She grabs my book and pen, writes down her email address and kissed me on the cheek.
“Drunk people are funny”


Two quiet Asian girls politely ask Lee:
“Would you please show your tits to get us beads”


Sunday morning coming down


It’s early now and we’re sitting in the lobby.
Lee has lost his voice.  
Yup.  That’s what shouting all day will do to ya.


There are winter storm advisories back home.   I’m getting sun burnt.  


  

Mighty smaug frog atop his treasure.


  

The coffee shop sells white wine in a red can.
The straw is bendy and pointed like it’s an adult capri sun.
Effervescent, fragrant. OK.
Revolutionary, reactionary. Huh?
Poetic, petulant.  WTF?


They seem to have microwaved the bagel.
Got to eat it before it gets tough.
Doesn’t that make it like a Jewish carbomb?
(Since the Irish carbomb you have to drink before it curdles)


Short line for the roadside booze stand.  It’s early yet.
“For those of you that haven’t had breakfast yet:  Cinnamon toast crunch shot”


A Modest Mouse song plays.
“Have I told you that I met the guy that wrote this?”  Lee asks


  

We stock up on alcohol at the corner CVS and stake out a spot in the center of Canal.
We’re trying to hone the perfect technique for drinking out of the daiquiri bags.
Trepidation, fear of ice chunks.
I’m going nose out, she’s opting for nose-in:
“If you want to get nerdy and technical, which I know you do, most of the flavor goes into your scent-thingies”
It’s gonna be a long day.  It wasn’t an admonition when we ask ma: “Are you drunk?”
“Shut up, shut up”
  

Please smoking.  Step up.
We begin a classic discussion:  cans vs. bottles.
You see, in college, Professor Franklin taught me that beer tastes better out of a bottle.
But then, he was talking about fishing in the backwoods of Mississippi.
Later in life, at Cicero’s beer school, I learned that beer keeps better in a can.
Of course, you must never drink it from the can; always pour it into the proper glass.
Though can technology has advanced somewhat, reducing the transfer of undesirable flavors
The pour releases the taste, may complete the mix, the glass ensures the proper head, etc
So what’s the right glass for an ale versus a lager?
Now, we’re going to have to delve further into each of those styles before we can answer that…


Now, I must protest.  You can’t make fun of me for being a nerd and then immediately break out the Klingon.


  

Tardis!


  

I don’t know why I took a picture when there’s obviously no float here.


Lee cajoles me to get my picture taken with the Diva Dynasty.  “Real girls wear camo”
  



Competition between Lee and Anita is heating up.
Now they both have hand-made, glass beads.
“I got mine first”
“Yeah, but first is the worst and… I forgot the rest”


L:  “I’m on team Dave”
A:  “Dave!”
D:  “What?”
A:  “Just write ‘Lee sucks’”
(I’m a good mother)


Our neighbor from the north (side of this state) says of our brews: “I’ll bet them is past cowboy cool”  
He has a tallboy of bud light and tells us where we can get our own cold ones.
Just walk in there, hand them four dollars, pluck it out of the ice.
Ma chides him: “You need to pour that beer into a glass.  Didn’t you hear our conversation?”
“Yeah, I heard it, but I don’t give a shit”


  

She’s collecting pink beads for her son.  “Hooters and Nascar”
Tells us to head down to the Cafe of Jean Lafitte
St. Ann’s and Bourbon, that’s where things get interesting.
They had their own balcony for a while.
“He was humpin’ the cement”
  

Big mama has a big heart, but the smaller one that looks like Calamity Jane…
“(Here, watch her reaction…)  These guys are going to go down to St. Ann’s”
“Blech.  Better go there on a full stomach.”


Gave her sons the essentials for Christmas, practical gifts.  Things like socks.
He said:  “Thank you momma, but I’d rather have a bag of weed”
She shares with us her flask of Goldschläger.
It’s the first time either Lee or I have had it.
“Turn it up, don’t sip it”
Goes down smooth and delicious.  We kill it.
“That Goldschläger went straight to my head” - Lee


  

I’ve seen the green fairy, and you, madame, are no green fairy.


Anita has a small bruise on her face from getting pelted with bags of beads at Endymion.
“You’re a good mother”
“I’ll drink to that”


Lee jumps the barricade to get some street bling.
Gets his own reprimand.
  

  

Warning.
Choking hazard.
This toy has small parts.
Not recommended for children under 12.


I get a high five from a guy that looks too drunk to be walking in a parade.




You’re still a sociopath, Lee, but now you’re a suave one.
“Aww, you think I’m suave”


He gets black beads together with a blown kiss.
“I’m sure she didn’t do that for any other guy along the route”  
What’s that term?  Gray lion?
Fox.
We’ll stick with lion.  (Rawr)


  

  
  
  



We make our way to the crescent city brewhouse for some ribs and a sampler of beers.


  

Lee is cruelly laughing at my mother’s notes in the special mardi gras binder.
“Is that in case there’s an EMP and all our electronic devices don’t work?”


It’s crowded for Bacchus.
Technical difficulties delay it.  (Apparently, they hit a kid)


We found a pair of glasses on the ground that look a lot like my old pair
And they match my weak-ass prescription.  How perfectly serendipitous.


I stick around to see Hugh Laurie and a couple of floats.
Night parades don’t seem to have the same friendliness that their daytime brethren do.
Lee gets into a shouting match.  “I just want you guys to know that you suck”
And then I head back to the room to drop a nodoz and take a nap.
The screaming voices outside sound like an 8-bit crowd.


The caffeine is starting to kick in, I wake as my traveling companions arrive.
Lee and I head back out.


We start heading towards the casino, dodging an altercation which spills across the sidewalk.
The two grappling combatants have circling comrades egging them on.
Lee points it out to the cops who then stroll in that direction.
“We’ll take it from here”
Monday, Lundi gras sneaks up on little mouse feet


To the more serene parts of the French Quarter.
Too far down Decatur and the venues are all loud music.
We retreat back to St. Lawrence, for some pub grub and a couple rounds.
I get carded, but of course the gray lion does not.


I found this red little black book in the street.
Lee, smooth operator that he is, deciphers its contents.
The man that owned this notebook had a date at this address.
And these are his notes, his opportunity to further conversation and score a second.
Family circled in the center of the first page.  Names.
Bday circled in the center of the second page.  More names.
Third page one more name and “18 Mnth”
And I’m pretty sure that’s blood.


Green Flash, Double Stout.
Nice body, good coffee finish.


Clown Shoes, Tramp Stamp IPA
What makes it Belgian-style?
  

Our waitress is a sweetie with a name like Layla.
This place has an impressive selection, but it’s not my itap…
Stool guy looks forlorn.
He sighs.


Lee orders a beer from Utah.
“Don’t even get him started on Mormons”


That’s only the second time I’ve heard a real person use the phrase “white girl wasted”


I order an oatmeal stout (a touch too bitter).
You’ve both had beers from Ipswich, MA.  Now you’re twinsies.
“Is that Maine or Maryland or Massachusetts?”
Massachusetts.  Ipswich is near Innsmouth.


2:46 and we’re last callin’  the staff wants to get home, but they’re super chill.
I finish my Ommegang, we loiter a bit then leave.


3:18 and Bourbon street is not all that crowded, a very different dynamic.
More post-mortem than party.
Stumbling despair, exaggerated swagger.
Bright lights and cops on horses keep things contained.


  

In front of Saints & Sinners
Is that a random white girl dancing very badly?
“We have a live DJ.  We give him food and water”
Security pantomimes a gun while talking to Dudley Do Right.
Later we learn some drunk idiot pulled a gun and shot himself in the foot.
The number of cops drops off dramatically when you get to St. Ann’s and the rainbow flags.


We found LaFittes’ but it looks dead.
Napoleon's house (don’t eat).  
And there Lee sees 33.


3:51 and a gentle rain starts.
I still haven’t had a happy hand grenade.
Let’s take a bathroom break then go back out to get one.
By the time we get back to the room my parents are waking up.
OK.  We’re going to sleep.


This might have been the night that I tried to open the door with my credit card.
Forgetting that I gave the room key to Lee.


  

I wake a few hours later, while Lee sleeps on.
Dad drives us along the parade route
Down to the garden district where we gawk at houses.


When Lee wakes up we pick him up and head to Liuzza’s by the track for food.  Po’ Boys and such.
Talking about the sun lamp alarm clock:  “He did something to the power and it blew up”  
Discussing the red notebook, the story keeps getting more complicated.
18 months is the size of the baby’s clothing.
Trust me, you don’t want to show up with a shirt meant for a 19 month old.


  

  

There’s a shot on the table.  We certainly didn’t order a shot (I am drinking a big amber, the only thing on tap).
“It’s sherry for your turtle soup”


We make our way back to Canal to prepare for Proteus.
Our neighbor is using the street as a spittoon.


  



This guy is drinking a happy hand grenade.  
“I’ve had four.  They don’t taste like anything, they sneak up on you”
Four is OK, but apparently when you hit five people don’t want to deal with you.
“For this guy, it’s one”
Well, you could have said zero, so I guess that was generous of you.


Lee spent the day working on his lecture, didn’t even have a drink until 5 p.m.
He gives me another Cliff’s note version of mormon doctrine.
“Basically, you’re saying: ‘the universe ain’t gonna fix itself’”
His shoelaces are perma-filthy from Bourbon St.
He has to wash his hands after every tying.


We’re sipping American Honey and Fireball Whiskey.
It tastes like the 80’s.


Ma hands me one of the Little Hotties hand warmers.
“You need these for your writin’ hand.”


  

The cop comes by, shouting “Hey, hug guy!”
Then she hugs hug guy.
He tells us about how he stole a bottle of water from the red cross.
“Don’t admit that in front of a cop”
“Baby, it’s Mardi Gras, anything goes…”
This one guy was waiting at a crosswalk, complaining 
“So I told him ‘they’re just for decoration, you gotta loosen up or get out of here”
Hug guy is giving high fives and fist bumps to everyone he can.


  

The parade starts with a whimper.
A few extinguished flambeaux
“Why aren’t you on fire?”
“You gotta light?”


Orpheus is generous with the throws.
Soft silicone dragons, lots of light-ups.
Battery, ground, LEDs, easy peasy.  Hardware 101.
This one’s broken.  Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Failed merman repair.  
“Just like all the other men in my life”
“Yeah, they get dirty when they hit the ground”


Alchemy and mysticism.
Another parade, another bag full of beads.


Back on Bourbon street.
Woman on that balcony can’t seem to keep her blue dress on.
“I wonder if she’ll regret this tomorrow”


Tuesday, Mardi gras marches forth


On the other side of midnight we start walking towards Howlin’ Wolf, N blocks out.
Text-based arrangements, replete with drunken misspellings.
To meet with Delia+Marian, a friend of Lee’s girlfriend.
Two Tulane students.  (I could wear a tutu)
Did you just say 21-year-old ballerina?
“I just hope I don’t get stabbed”
“You mean this scares you more than Beyoğlu?”
“No”
In Istanbul I calculated an 80% chance of getting stabbed, but this 30% chance still makes me nervous.
“It’s fucking freezing”


What sort of music is it?
She said Punk
No, wait.  Funk.
That’s not the same.
Eh, it’s still good.


“I’m too sober for this”
“For what?”
“For being awake”
It’s one a.m.
Three vodka & tonics for them and a gin and tonic for me.
A taste, a trip, it burns my chapped lips.
It’s strong or just not mixed at all.


A quaint little rat-hole venue.
That girl is dressed up like a dinosaur.  A carnivore, no less.
And I sit on the sideline and scribble in my notebook.
Watching people do what passes for dancing.
A lot of awkward flailing and bobbing
Amidst some smooth movers.


The crowd looks like it consists of NPCs.  Stupid simple.
A looped 20 frame transform on ragdoll frames to a ragtime tempo.
Throw in a particle system for agent interaction and bam.
With 4k resolution, a good HLL, and some libraries the code driving this scene could fit on one screen.


A taco just walked by.
And there is clothing that clings to the form.
And I want to say the theme here is:  Bohemian Flapper.
Two parts granola, one part hipster.  Soak in booze.
She’s wearing moccasins.  


Someone sitting on the floor over there
Slides over and asks what I’m doing, what am I writing.
I don’t warm to strangers, but I do to strangeness.
And she has a vibe of irritating normalcy.
Her proximity makes me anxious.
She lobbed me a soft ball conversationally, but I’m not carrying a bat.
I told her that I write, that it’s a compulsion of mine.
“But what’s it for?”
I think that she’s fishing for me to be either a student or a professional.  But I’m not.
It’s just for me.  To avoid losing me.  I try to explain to her what I am.  With my words.
Maybe I’m misreading it, but the look she gives me makes me feel like an unacceptable, unnatural thing, 
A Lovecraftian horror.
She walks away.


“People that aren’t autistic, maybe they aren’t right”


Lee brings me a second gin&tonic.
And after I finish it I get up to do some “dancing”
Nice, heavy bass.  And a kick-ass drum solo.


She just told Lee that I look “Intellectual.”
“Was that meant as a pejorative?” I ask.
“I don’t know what that means.”
“He wants to know if you’re insulting him.”
“Yeah.  Maybe a little.”


They seem overly concerned that we’re laughing at them.
I laugh at almost anything anyways.
It’s mirth and not malice.  I don’t judge.


Delia+Marian have never seen the Zulu parade.
8 a.m. Tuesday morning is a hard target to hit.
And they’ve never been to the casino.
IDs are scanned and scrutinized.
Lee wants to play some craps, but the minimal buy-in is a little higher than we want to throw down.
So we play some cheap slots.  Sizzling 7.
And it’s the same casino engineering you see everywhere.
Bright lights, felt tables in a labyrinthine arrangement.
Pointing out the plethora of cameras.
We’ve gambled away - was it three or four dollars?
She pushes buttons to order a vodka tonic.
It arrives with reluctance.
  



  

We head out to Bourbon street at the time when everyone seems to be leaving it.
Look at the ground, it’s so freaking sparkly.
They’re having a daiquiri dance party.
This place sells vampire’s blood.


“Did you get the cops dancing?”
And Luke in the pink t-shirt:
“I love you guys.  You guys are amazing”


We wind up in noise, Chris Owens.
They have lasers, but somehow security has a palpable apathetic resignation.
“What does that Lone Star badge do?”
They want to charge 12 dollars for a mixed drink so we scoot out quick.
Head to the liquor store.
Where we’re chided for our laborious decision making.
“What is your budget?  If you have money, you don’t think.  You just buy.”
He puts a bottle of cheap vodka on the counter.  “Here, I make your decision easy”
But that isn’t it.  I make plenty of money and have minimal expenses.
My problem is the delicious taste of possibility.
In ten minutes we’ll have only one bottle.
But right now we have any of these.


We finally negotiate the purchase of Captain Morgan and Diet Coke.
And he throws in plastic cups.


He seems like an OK guy, reminds me of Mehmet.  Resentfully helpful, begrudgingly but genuinely sympathetic.
His sidekick seems more sinister.
The owner calls the cops because he needs to clear out a dangerous element.
The other guy calls the cops because he wants to see someone get arrested.
  

We stand outside and drink.  
The cops show up, but the trouble makers have already made their escape.


We witness a lover’s spat up the street.  
The inflamed passion with the black hair of a foreign shore, perhaps an Italian bronze.
Paces and rants, berates a gormless Norwegian-white, blonde haired sysadmin Torvalds looking fellow.


Delia keeps spilling.  How can a ballerina be so uncoordinated?
She proves that she can be graceful with a roundhouse kick over that horse’s face.
It was marvelous, which is to say that it was marveled at.


  

Drinks may be in plastic containers.


The locals direct us to a bar they know, one that should be open at this hour.
Due to cold and damn the cost we decide to take a cab.
The first place we stop is closed.
She drives us somewhere else.


[here there is a sizable blank section and a serious change in handwriting]


I think it’s somewhere around Ms. Mae’s and a rising sun that the competition begins.
“I’m so fucking serious about pull-ups”
“Are you serious about sleeping?”


[Redacted]
Foosball and Red Bull.
Wait, what street is this?
“Hold on, we can do this.”
“You don’t care!?  Are you crazy?”
Yawn.
“Are you both completely shitfaced?”
“Noooo…”
“Let’s do something”
“You know it’s Mardi Gras when there’s a line for the lady’s room at 6 a.m.”
Someone has locked themselves in there and passed completely out.
“I hope you got good footage out of this experience”
“Shit goes wrong when you got good intentions”


Lee plays for Delia the Johnny Cash song with her name on it.
She doesn’t like it.  And it’s not an issue with its content.
But how can someone not like Johnny Cash?


  

Mark?  Cool guy.
His crew is working 20 hour days and tourists are tipping something like one dollar for three drinks.
I try to give him the dollar I found on Bourbon street, but he wouldn’t have it.
  

Breakfast in a grocery store.
I had a california spring roll.


  

We wind up on St. Charles.  South of Lee’s Circle.
  

  

And we made it.  We get to see the Zulu parade.


The walk back to the room is a struggle.
Raining, raining, so cold.
We make it back to the room around 10:30am.


Talladega band in Zulu parade:  “We’re cold, we’re wet, we’re sick of this shit”


Waking in spurts.  Parades below.  Optimus prime.
Rex rolls by, sounds like a train.


Catching beads hurts so much, ma says, if it wasn’t so cold we’d head back out there.
But you warm up and it doesn’t help much.  The cold cuts so deep, so quick.
But my parents did manage to catch some coconuts.
  



  

We sleep away the fat part of the day and wake again.
Walk out to streets filled with debris and toys.


  

Head down to the French Quarter for food.  French Market.
Lee eats frog legs.
Rendezvous with my folks and we look for a chill bar.
St. Lawrence is unfortunately closed.
  

We head towards Armstrong in bright lights and oddly Lee and I both think Lance.
But of course, it’s Louis.
That’s a park.


We head back into the French Quarter.
Duck into an Irish pub and back out.
Hem and haw and settle on Huck Finn’s.
For a little bit of food and a round of drinks.
Our exciting adventure is starting to wind down.


Back at the room we start packing things up.  
  

Each rogue earring I found I stuck in my ear.


  

Find some way to get a picture of us drinking the canned wine.


  

Listen, here’s why this doesn’t make sense:  frogs can already hop.  They don’t need to ride on a rabbit to hop.


I’m bundled up.  4 pairs of pants and I’ve lost track of tops.
And I want to walk unencumbered by backpack
Then I remember the little red book.
I can write in that.


We pause here so that Lee can smoke a cigarette and simply appreciate not being in Columbus, OH.


  

A brief foray onto Bourbon street.
Lee negotiates the acquisition of a resurrection without the skull glass.
I finally buy a happy hand grenade.  It’s so happy.  But kinda sinister, like the lucky charms guy


“Hey Waldo!” a random guy says pointing at my pure blue hat.  It must look white and red to him.
“Hey, you look cool” says another, on the sly, with the shady implication that drugs are being offered.
“Yeah, I do.”  I respond without looking back.


Wednesday, whatever.
“I want to drink in a place called hob nobbers”
The receipt clearly says hab nobbers and I’m 95% sure that’s a typo.


I spy on tap Abita, Andygator.  
“What is that?”
The Eastern European accent answers:
“It’s a local beer, a wheat”
I taste a touch of IPA.  It’s been a good night, but I can’t give it more than 3.0


Talking shop with Lee.  
More mormon cosmology and memento mori.


Brent shows up.  
He’s originally from Alabama.
“You’re a straight guy; I’m a gay guy.  My options in Columbus…”
Lee starts slagging off the city, then drops the reveal: “I live in Columbus”
“You’re a liar”
Out comes the ID.
The song Sweet Home Alabama starts playing.
Brent orders us shots of fireball and then says “I hate fireballs”
But my sloppy handwriting makes it look like he said “I have five balls”
My mom is more savvy with respect to drinks that are hip with the kids than I am.
She’s observed the subtle shift in preference from SoCo to Jaeger to Fireball.  I’ve been relatively oblivious.


Mardi Gras technically ended 1.5 hours ago and (though faux pas it may be) we’re not gonna stop partying.


Brent gets progressively more creepy as the night continues.
Lee is getting hit on hard, hand touches leg.  The silver lion can’t turn off the charm no matter how hard he tries.
“You’re laying it on thick.”
“Please don’t judge me.”


“We’re all looking for Jesus”  [it looks like I wrote Jess]
For some reason I felt the need to write down that I love Rolling Stone’s Paint it Black.
And then comes Float On.  “I know the guy that wrote this song”


Then Brent asks me what I’m taking notes on.
I’m pretty sure I then feigned that I couldn’t speak.
I remember signing fervently and teaching him to say “I love you”
Doing my best to distract him, to give Lee some respite.
“You’re a perfect human being right now”


And there’s a second round of fireballs.


“Here’s the thing:  you think that I’m frontin’ because David is here.  That’s not actually the thing. 
There’s no way that this is going anywhere so you can just stop now.”


We extricate ourselves from the situation and the next thing that I have documented is:
Somehow after that we wound up at Cat’s Meow
They charge a cover
Lee hands over $$ - 
It’s [Illegible] Karaoke
  

  

I have no idea why I took 5 nearly identical pictures of this place.
There’s one thing that I can say for certain:  they have a very effective hand stamp.


It’s 3:40, time to get out of here.
We’re making our way off of Bourbon street and make a new friend.
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Dave, who are you?”
“Jasmine.  
I like that nerd look - I want to fuck Sheldon from the Big Bang Theory…
I don’t speak no hand language…
I got a few moves make your toes curl…
You are gonna be my next baby daddy...”
Lee successfully concludes the conversation by convincing her we don’t have cash.
While this exchange occurs he has someone offering him drugs in the other ear.
“Nah, man.  I’m good.”


Lee’s final flash count:  44
I’m not sure I made it to half that.


So, we’re going to sleep now, right?
We continue walking towards the room.
Aww, hell naw.  There’s a 24-hour seafood / alcohol joint.
We’re gonna eat here.
Need a menu, sir?


[Redacted]
“But it’ll be funny in the morning”


I’m dazed.  Lee orders for me.  “He wants an alligator omelette.”
We have another Eastern European waitress.
“What sort of Romanian name is Diana?”
For some reason I feel compelled to start explaining symbols of boolean logic and Karnaugh maps.
There are happy drunks, angry, sad, etc.  Strangely, tonight I seem to be a logical drunk.
(Though it looks like I wrote down an incorrect description of De Morgan’s law)


There’s a page of incomprehensible scribbles and then a quote from our neighbors:
“Shandy is for girls”


Lee confiscated the notebook and started mimicking the cryptic writing of its original owner.
“That’s all we could make of it.  Good luck!”


This guy is from Kansas City.
“David, right?”
“Charlie”


The Scotsman(?) is quoting Slingblade “I like them french fried taters”
They ask us, quite fervently: “What’s your favorite movie?”
I said Dune


Kansas City answered The Jerk
But Lee’s comment “New Orleans is a place where you can find your special purpose”
Flew right on by him.


Who is America’s greatest actor?
Someone says Leonardo DiCaprio and they actually cite Titanic.
(Later, ma makes a great point:  “If he was so great in Titanic, why wasn’t he in Titanic 2?”)
Someone is talking about Daniel Day Lewis.
Gangs of New York is the perfect compromise.


It’s after five before we head to bed.
Again, my parents are already awake.


Everybody is checking out.
“The festivities are over”
“You made it.”
“Barely...”
“This counts as a success”
