DEF CON 19
  Thursday (Pre Con)
I take a pre-con inventory
Head to the airport, the first comment I hear is from the TSA agent checking IDs
"I like your laces"
On the plane I read Design Patterns on my phone and occasionally glance at the iPad of the suit across the aisle.
He's watching the new Tron.  
I land and text Ryan to arrange for pickup 
the dry heat is sand paper on my eyes

Settle into the Rio and establish the pacing
from the room in the Masquerade to the conference center
Hunt down Lost with Jaku, the tail end of DEF CON 101 in Track 1
The room is quite crowded, the con seems to start earlier each year
There's a Nintendo fan boy in a powder blue shirt with a TV B Gone in a zapper
Ryan still has Nintendo thumb from the Gauntlet II marathon 
I head out to the smoking area to chat with a familiar face
the advocate for Schemaverse, the game in a Postgres DB
to be quite clear: this is a DEF CON  contest
ergo, you are expected and encouraged to cheat
"Where is your brother?  You guys were attached to the hip"
he texts me "I'm back" so I head up to the room
where I find him and Kyle (he's about this tall)
now, by this time, we've broken into the Medea vodka
so things start to get a little silly

  

How did that blue powerade turn green?
Party's getting started, better drink my own piss

We have a view of the pools and it looks like there's a mini rave down there
some loud music and pac man lookin' mothafuckas

  

Diane arrives with her friend (It's her birthday) and Carl in tow
He's especially salacious and strongly reminds me of Tommy Chong
Ryan brought pure caffeine powder, the only way to overdose
Snorting that shit is acceptable, I guess
but with Foosh it's better to just put it in your mouth
Ostensibly we're after:  drinks and karaoke
she has a tattoo of a microphone on her finger
(where her mustache should be)
two independent conversations become conflated, entangled
"What do you mean, karaoke isn't metal!?"

Eventually we make our way down stairs
I have to show you this banner.  (see: Denny's during Def Con 16)
  

Approached by a group and asked:
Are you sober?  Is your hand steady?
I reply, Soberish.  Yes, steady
You're doing it wrong.
Finally Kyle gives the right answer: drunk and shaky
so they hand him the camera for a group shot
Surprisingly, it comes out blurry and they hand me the camera
and my shot is much sharper
Also, we're informed:
if you're not headed to the EFF fundraiser you're doing it wrong.
I mean, you like the EFF and you like DualCore, so it's a no brainer

Here, our group fragments with one half going off-campus for karaoke
and the other half looking for Hacker Karaoke
but it's another logistical cluster fuck and we never find it
the next morning twitter informs me that there was some confusion...

the window to the shower is a rather creepy thing
  
The Con
Wake up dehydrated and we get started with some clips from the Regular Show
Giant Bearded Face, GBF
  

line up outside the Penn and Teller theater for the intro talk
and conversations spark:  "So you're saying you're full of chit?"
There's an uber leet with Android running on his iPad
checking on the status of his game that plays the player
My Don't Panic button leads to a discussion of interactive fiction
culminating in Dwarf Fortress, which I've only played a little of
but have always meant to dive into 

"You can have nunchucks if you have carpal tunnel"
quick hellos in hallways with faces from years gone by
browsing super mega comics

"Cobalt doesn't react with dick" and "hard drives are hard"
"metal gets hot when flame is applied"

the PA is down for Mouse's presentation
she's reasonably loud for such a little speaker
the danger of code reuse:
new code gives you a grace period against discovery of vulnerabilities 
even if the new code is crap
rewrite your whole code base every 3 months (ha ha)

there is some debate as to whether my jacket has always been purple
or perhaps it spent some time last night being black

epic lulz at the art of trolling

sitting in the hallway, with sushi and a beer
there was a flashing of boobs and a high five from Dan Kaminski
"best Con in years"

we get swept up by Aestetix to the Gold Coast for copies
and then we start hanging up WikiLeaks drop point signs
we start in the casino and I'm not cutout for covert operations
without a word the guard tears the sign in half
the tags have a much better success rate in the con area

a passing dude pours us a glass of Jameson
"You look like you need a drink"

Back to the room pour some Mansinthe
and catch some 10,000 cent pyramid on DCTV
before physically heading down to Track 1 for Hacker Jeopardy
  

My bag is searched at the pool entrance
Is there booze in there?  
I shake the thermos.  No, I think it's empty
(there was water in it earlier, my booze is in my jacket pocket 
and Ryan has his in his pant's pocket)

  
Def Con is a fan of Sartre 
(Yeah, but all his blokes were French)

Heading back down, Saturday morning
Housekeeping chastised me for the Red Bull boxen resting on the lamp shades
It's a fire hazard

"Parrot heads ain't hippies"
"Who's going to lick butter off my nipples?"
There was definite removal of pants

Head to the contest area for the beard competition.
We catch Dr. Tran's epic Gringo Warrior run.
"He's a real doctor."  

Ryan is a contestant and his girlfriend makes her way onto the panel of judges.  
He bribes Jack Daniels with a Jack Daniels belt buckle
but the competition is fierce 
beards galore

Time for Hacker Jeopardy
Incredible entertainment value
We're sitting a row in front of shiny pants
Ryan owns a shirt that matches those pants  
Vegas 2.0 stands out again for drinking much and correctly answering little
Who has a computer with power point?

And then back to the pool for freak show
and conversation with the German Beard Fellow
  

Sunday wake up hung over again
morning talk with Moxie and Diffie
at breakfast a chef comments on my outfit
"you look like the guy from 16 candles"

dozing in talks, now too tired to take notes
Don't Fix it in Software was a surprise favorite

after closing ceremonies we catch dinner in the Italian restaurant with Cenobyte
they're playing mob movies muted with classic soft romance songs playing in the background
Cenobyte strikes out again, but we set up the NES and call it an early night

In the morning we head to Kyle's for more Nintendo
and then to the airport, where I fall in and out of love

I had to invert the colors so my phone could scan the t-shirt's QR code

  



$ cd ..
