6/8/10
        in the morning I drive to Columbus, Ohio
        I arrive at Lee's house at 1300 and call him from the porch
        How are you doing, where are you at?
        Are you wearing pants?  
        No, it's still too early - he's wearing pajamas
        ah, academia.
        he puts on pants, some nice new tan ones
        we're drinking red wine out on back porch
        and he spills wine on them
        so they're back off while we consult the Internet
        a little bit of salt and soap and elbow grease
        it seems to work out well
        I laugh at him when he consults the iPhone
        to figure out if it raining right here right now
        playing the iPhone game flinging angry birds at pigs


        Desiree arrives with Steve in tow
        and then Laura comes home
        her work has given her an iPad and Legos
        "I have the perfect job for a fifteen-year-old boy"


        dinner at the Taj Mahal
        Laura asked for it spicy
        and tears up as a result
        talking about the two t-shirts that Steve is wearing
        the little duckling got ran over
        underneath it he has a football shirt
        abuse of animals and sports - two things we hate


        from here he mentions the shirt that says "Get a life"
        and has the green Mario mushroom
        so we start brainstorming nostalgia
        and decide to make Desiree a shirt that says "Fuck you.  I'm Invincible"
        with the golden star


        We have to buy some bottled water
        to go with the sugar cubes
        don't ask what it's for - trust me.
        "It's for science"
        "Dave, it doesn't make me feel better when you say that.
        In fact, it makes me feel worse"


        Lee and I drive to the airport to pick up Jill & Scott
        Listening to techno on Pandora in the PT cruiser
        I do a little robot dance - it's all I got - I'm not very smooth
        we go through the tunnel with all the blue blue lights
        holy shit - it's a drive-through rave


        we take pictures of all the laptops setting on the table
        "this is so my coworkers will believe me when I tell them my friends are nerds"
  
  

  
  





        making plans for upcoming days. what do you want to do?
        This.  Drinking and playing video games
        communion from the skull
        Will it kill me?
        Probably not


6/9/10
        decide on breakfast at Jack and Benny's
        we walk there in the rain, it is warm and pleasant
        but there seems to be some dissension in the ranks
        Lee asks "Whose idea was this?"


        Lee drives us to campus in my car
        a football stadium with a college attached
        we idle while he runs in and then back out with a manila envelope
        a student's final to grade
        Lee just finished his masters in comparative religion
        still has a number of years until his doctorate
        trying to shift his studies, to avoid being pigeonholed as "the Mormon guy"
        "I remember why I stopped being a Mormon - I hate those guys"
        trying to teach a class on zombies
        "they laughed at me - derisively - when I proposed it"


        dinner at the Elevator brewery
        celebrations of Birth Days and accomplishments
        fill up growlers with dark beer


        we break out the absinthe while watching Super Bad
        and next we select Fido, a zombie film
  



        "Koshka kitty come to the one you love" we implore
        and she heads right for my laptop


        Lee gets bizarre at the end - paranoia
        people from Missouri that want to harm him
        it's why he has wooden weapons throughout the house
        Andrea and her vindictive family
        pillows, New Mexico shrooms and significance


6/10/10
        Steve is doing more calculus homework, waiting for others to wake.
        Scott comes down and sits at a mac
        Scott:  "Quick, what is the definite integral of Lee's mom from zero to pi.  Veet veet!"
        Steve:  "Um, no solution?"
        Scott:  "That's right.  Everybody knows that she isn't a continuous function"
        David:  "Yeah, she's a very bumpy ride"


        trying to teach Steve the finer points of "That's what she said"
        we lob him some soft balls, but he lets them sail over the plate
        He always over thinks it.  That's what she said?
        I don't get it.  I think I get it.  Ah, I get that one.  


        When Laura comes home we go to the zoo
  
  

  
  



        when the rest have gone to bed
        Scott, Lee, and I order Hound Dog Pizza
        Lee has been raving about Sour Kraut pizza, but Laura hates it
        I'm skeptical
        the phone call was a surreal thing to listen to
        first he won't believe that we are on Olentangy street as opposed to road
        "It's like two blocks north of you"
        their menu on myspace makes a mess of their offerings
        it looks like these are all toppings
        and we can't get a topping on a quarter of a pizza.
        OK, so we'll go halvsies.  
        we want some spicy eggs on the pizza
        but the guy tries to claim that they don't have it
        it's on your menu
        well, okay we have it, but we can't put that on a pizza
        fine, whatever.  we'll just get Sour Kraut on the whole thing
        the kraut is mostly dry and crispy which makes it a decent topping
        the sauce is nice and spicy


6/11/10
        after breakfast Desiree and Laura head to work, Lee goes to campus
        I drive Jill&Scott to the airport


6/12/10
        we drop Steve off at the bus stop
        an hour or so early since he's paranoid


        head to town, walk around the shopping district
        security cops arguing with kids outside the Apple Store
        at Best Buy Lee buys Darksiders, Left4Dead
        watching the review on the iPhone
        harvesting human souls to fight demons
        "Where the fuck do I sign up!?"
        Laura is not so excited


        on the phone Lee talks to his father, recovering from the amputated leg
        we chase fireflies at the Rose Garden
        stopping to smell most of them
        laughing at their funny names
        would smell just as sweet?
        I thought that the Dolly Parton rose would be more top-heavy
        
        I'm installing Left4Dead on the Op-timus drive
        adding further weight to the theory that Lee Wiles and Laura Reedy chose the last name Op at marriage just for the puns
        Lee is upstairs trying on his regalia, learning how to wear his hood, getting ready for tomorrow's graduation


6/18/10
        Mother calls up and tells me about the conflagration in Ohio
        the Big Butter Jesus has been struck by lightning and burnt down
        just a spooky metal skeleton remains
        she can't understand why the news casters aren't cracking up
