9/4
I head up north for my cousin's wedding.  
to the little town of Freeport, IL
we pack up the zombie blood
please stop cutting the hair of the driver
Listening to satellite radio.  "Run DMC?  That's not punk" my mom protests
the mother of the bride is in the elevator looking frazzled and holding a pair of scissors
we are warned that there are 120 people attending and the church seats 100
she is going up to the fifth floor and we are headed down to the pub
Fifth element on TV, he has Aunt Lisa's post-brain tumor hair cut
"Don't make me drink alone" says Dad. So I buy him a beer
I'm drinking Guinness. Mom and I are singing Good Rats
She says the bartender smiled, but I didn't see it
There's another wedding party in the hotel and they are dressed nicer than us
I'm trying to convince my mother to wear comfortable shoes.  She says it must be heels.
"You know what happens when you break the rules of fashion?  Nothing."
our welcome package includes tourist information.  Mrs. Mike's chips
homemade cookies.  locally produced pretzels.  
Yes, the high school mascot is a pretzel.
There is a little version of Wrigley field.
An ice cream shoppe.
Mother is on the phone with Ryan trying to hatch a plan to get his girlfriend Diane out of class
She's stealing the plot of Ferris Bueller.  Dead Grandmother and friend's Ferrari
Diane's stripper name is Ariel, but they tell me she's not named after the little mermaid
The pastor is named Jim Brown and the passage they selected...
well, I think that they just tricked him into singing a Byrds song.  Turn, turn, turn.
It was a lovely ceremony and I'm not usually one to think so.
I think he makes a fine addition to the family
Outside we're chatting with old relatives
some I think I've never met
they're making jokes about how cool it is to be bald.
  

  
  

  

to the Freemason Hall for the reception
on the way Mother starts chatting up the indigents that are patronizing the walk-up liquor store.
Where's the party?  I'm following the guy with the six pack.
But the guy with the 24-pack warns us:
"You don't want to go with that guy.  Besides, you're wearing too much clothes for that part of town."
what is that supposed to mean?
"Naw, he's alright."
They won't let him in with us since he's carrying alcohol
the guard didn't seem alarmed by the honking knife hanging on his belt
The best man gives a speech with a piece of advice that I write it down at his exhortation:
eating gross pieces of raw chicken is a great way to impress women.
We're at the table with Bennie and Carl, some grade A trouble makers.
Bennie stashes spoons in her napkin and when the staff tries to take her napkin she pretends to cry
holds it to her face and pokes herself in the eye with a spoon and the tears become real
they cut the cake with a marine saber and then we eat some cupcakes
the pork choppers are making fun of the egg planters (it's the mushrooms that sold it for me)
"thank goodness I'm wearing my purple jacket" even though I'm not
I'd be matching the bridesmaid dresses and looking like a cannibal
managed to avoid dancing for the most part.  Joined a conga line
shuffling and a mini mosh pit.  the whole thing is pretty white bread
songs with verbalized instructions, some disco, Elvis ("who is this?  Perry Como?)
back to the pub for the after party
and we play spoons with glow sticks rather than the spoons
I manage to outlast her trash-talking college friends and the groom's family ("Damn you, Bennetts")
my cousin, the bride wins the first round; she is rather ruthless
we're there 'til they kick us out at 1:30am


On Sunday we hand the spoons to someone who will return them
spend much of the morning eating breakfasts
The groom wanted to have a pirate wedding (what guy wouldn't?)
that's why Jim Brown was carrying a hook
and he almost had his entourage wearing high tops like the ones I wore
we head to some rock-named town to see Laura and Kirk
Bennie keeps calling him Skippy (that was the dog's name)
plowing through the fields of butterflies, thousands of them
it's a fixer upper farm house with sheep and a spring in front
and hanging in their dining room is a picture from their wedding, several years ago
a scene of spoons, some clutched triumphantly, one hanging in mid-air,
the bride sprawling onto the table in pursuit
we used to be fairly close and it's been maybe 10 years since I've seen them
Bruce, her dad, is there. Gruff and juvenile, something like a George Clooney farmer
he says "Jon, you're looking hot" (today he's wearing his spicy pepper party shirt)
they're talking about the price of hogs and giant concrete chickens
