DEF CON 29:  Can’t stop the signal
Prologue
Wednesday 8/4
Thursday 8/5
Friday 8/6
Saturday 8/7
Sunday 8/8
Monday 8/9
Appendix A:  Floor stuff


DEF CON 29:  Can’t stop the signal
  



Prologue
        Tweet from Dual Core.  They canceled their set.  For health concerns.  Understandable.
Aww, but that sucks.  


I made chai, the house smells faintly of tomato sauce, but it shouldn’t
Step onto the deck and memory whiff some cigarette smoke
My rooms are above room temperature
I am sweating


started using what 3 words
        my couch is in a square that starts with loaf.
        my office chair is in a square that ends with .bugs


Wednesday 8/4
  
  

Packed lightly but bulky
New pen, new notebook
Car is parked  ///stocks.themes.wages
Done driving until the trip ends
Breath trapped on my face, mask fogs my glasses
My already quiet voice, further muffled, making me even less inclined to talk
Thinking about liminal spaces
I’ve been here before but it feels different
TSA pats my pockets.  Incredulous.  Impossible to believe I’ve no tortillas
Started reading Galápagos by Kurt Vonnegut
“I was there too, but perfectly invisible”
The book puts me in another headspace.  Nowhere I’ve ever been - Guyaquil, Ecuador - Ithaca, New York




  

Am I smiling?  


End of flight, almost half way through the book
Not really loving the 1 million years thing
But I like his style and I see why he’d need that for evolution
///yappy.looks.luxury


“Do me a favor.  I’m going to lift this - then you pull this”
Feels like a scam, what’s his angle?
No, I just did him a favor


Ryan says he may be a little late because he has an interview 
Scheduled with some time zone confusions
No worries
I see a Blue Honda - maybe he’s here early
No, that’s a pair of old ladies
Cop kerfuffle clears up and then they show up
And here’s Aaron - aka Johnny 2 Shoes
  

David McDavid is the pseudonym I use when I’m feeling less than optimally creative


Get some Thai curry at Ping Pong
One door says “Please use other door”
Missed opportunity to put it also on the other
To bounce people back and forth between them


  

Visit the new pinball museum
  
  

  
  

The resident cat looks suspiciously like Jonesy, the cat from Alien
Which comes into play when we try and fail to prove to Ryan that he’s real
///cats.volume.rock


  

But how does this creepy clown compare to Old King Cole (c.f. Walla-Pa-Looza 2013)
  

Play a game of Johnny Mnemonic.  
  

I unfortunately did not collect enough GIGABYTES to become the CYBERPUNK


  

We found the good ole FBI hole (c.f. DEF CON 24)
But it’s not on at this time


Drove by the famous Welcome to… sign
Don’t think I’ve actually seen it before
A line of people waiting for a photo op


Killing time before checkin
Head to Freemont St  
It’s Aaron’s first trip to Vegas
He’s taking a lot of pictures
///orbit.object.jolly


  

  
  

Nerds and Axe Throwing have been confirmed to be separate businesses
Seems like Nerds is just a reskinned bowling alley


  

It’s a whiskey what looks like a tequila (c.f. DEF CON 20)


  

Arrive at Pairs/Ballys
Our fourth time at this venue.  So it feels somewhat familiar
But the situation makes it novel and unreal
Let’s get a drink while we’re waiting - isn’t that one bar here?  No, that was Caesar’s
End up at Sully’s  ///spill.poet.ripe
Olympics in the background, water polo, by pure coincidence.
Johnny 2 Shooz went semi-pro, you know. ‘Til he pulled a hamstring.   
How do they keep the horses from drowning?
Andrew from Atlanta joins our table:  “You look like DEF CON folks”
Time rolls by, pleasant chat
He asks for a recommendation on where to eat
We divulge secret pizza  ///happen.escape.stamp


  
Room has a view of the Trump Tower
Check in, chill out
Toad sings Chandelier
Now we’re going on a Tacventure


  

Pass by this place and the Blazing Saddles jokes must follow
It does feel like 120 degrees, but can't be more than 114
Anybody got a dime?


Angel on one shoulder
Devil on the next
Re looking at Kyle’s balcony
I look immediately, of course:  Pigeon devastation
Management won’t fix anything.  He had to fight them for AC in this insane heat
He has some nice books on-hand.  Flipping through philosophy and physics


  

Found these radical sunglasses on the street
[Left them behind in the room]
And a 5 dollar bill 


Order Carne Asada Y Elote from Tacos El Cabron
Tempted by Pulpo Y Camarones but we’re too far from the sea
[And Pulpo is such a sweet cat]


Thank god / el cabron for these forks
Left behind my titanium spork, was afraid I’d have to steal silverware from Kyle to eat my curry
///boot.verbs.meal


Then stop by the Crown and Anchor.  
Drinking means we can temporarily take masks off
Aaron + Ryan to start a business combining their names - Aaryan
Did not see that coming
Days since last incident resets back to zero
Song selections are eclectic and whimsical - strippers better tip their DJs
Karaoke.  Some of the most awful singing I’ve witnessed.  Comical, but sweet in its sincerity.


“People are gonna ask how was Vegas and I'm gonna say I learned so much in that parking garage. 
The only way to ascend is to reach rock bottom.”
This started getting philosophical 


Thursday 8/5
Wed night sleep ~ midnight to six, ostensibly plenty but woke up too many times in between
Nightmares that feel too real.  CON registration scenarios conflated with work stuff
At 3 am, mind racing, considering make a break for it
Time zone math in my head - 5 am back home isn’t too early to wake up
But it’s dark, I should use the dark for sleeping.  I can't sleep during the day
  



No line for immunization check / wristband.
Goon says you can penetrate his barrier.  Go on and stretch it.  But not too much.
Far less than an hour to get badges
Despite some minor snafus, quick and easy, nowhere near my nightmares
Ryan stumbles on Simon.  Let's just skip DEF CON and play Simon the whole time.  Best 300 dollars ever spent


Walk the strip a bit more
To Planet Hollywood and past the Tipsy Robot
Random passerby:  “Tell me it’s not tempting”
But it’s only 0915 and that bar doesn’t open until 1000


  

Buy one, get one Epsilon off
[That is to say, very little off]


  

Check out the Atlantis experience at Caesar’s   ///tooth.sport.catch
  

And celebrity spotting:  Joe Lycett


Up to room to plug the badges into a PC
It types out ascii smilies :) :) :) 
My badge has a non-functional button (that’s my excuse for simon high score of 4)
Ryan, hardware doctor, separates the halves, straightens out the pin, saves the day
I set my buttons to purple to match my jacket
Another excellent year for badges fostering interactions (not so friendly for social distancing, but hey, we’re all vaxxed)
  

  
Is that a weasel?  A stoat?  Oh, badger.  I’m an idiot


  
  

Wandering, waiting, legs tired already
Looking for people I already know or for kind eyes
It’s still a little too early for alcohol
Phones are too easy a crutch
Like James Wait in Galápagos I’m a fisher of men
His shirt’s tag, my jacket with the color and flair
Elicits comments, easy opening salvos
But each interaction is effort 
I’m looking for low cost or high reward
A good conversation is a drug, a distinct high feeling
Unlike Wait I’m not a killer, I’m a catch and release kind of fisherman
Looking for people with compatible ports, in pairing (or promiscuous) mode 
Most are quick one-offs, lacking the luck and finesse to parlay into something more
The rules are different here, skewed in my favor, it’s a cheat for sure, but not god mode
This one has a look of contempt, this one too intense, this group looks like a closed circle


Alcohol adjusts some coefficient of my kinetic energy
Modeled as a particle, need to bump into someone in a meaningful way
Usage of too little, I remain relatively inert, at serendipity’s whim
Too much and blast through it all without interacting
Like a neutrino
No, but it’s not about alcohol intrinsically.  Practice makes a bigger difference
By the end of CON even in the sober mornings I’m more conversant than I am after the first few drinks.
I’m starting off particularly rusty and by the end of it, I’m still just getting warmed up
Or rather, conversation is the sun on a day at the beach - I don’t tan, I burn


Someone stops me at the Pairs/Ballys confluence
“I wish I’d known about this event before…
I feel like this may be crucial for my CS future…
I thought that you might be important, dressed all fancy”
I just tell her that she should get a badge and I’m not important.
I should have elaborated - that importance isn’t a prerequisite for loving this event
There’s something feral though familiar in her eyes - something like autism and/or intoxication
Immediately afterwards I hear a slightly snide comment, pointed at me, I think:  “He looks like a reporter”
Problem with bait is sometimes it just gets you bit
I want to be seen as an anomaly, interesting
Attractive to some, abhorrent to others 


Guy slapping a 20 around asks if he can pay me one dollar to make a local call on speaker phone
I say “no, man” and he looks like he can’t believe I said that


1130 Meet up with Ryan again, send up a flag to find Johnny 2 Shoes
1200 Housekeeping knocks and wakes us from a nap


Ryan gets a call to set up another phone interview with the god of war tomorrow
Which means he needs to stay sober until the afternoon, no matter what the tipsy robot says
Or… maybe not.  Do the interview drunk and set expectations low
Then show up sober one day and blow them away


  
  

Dabble with the challenge, don’t make much headway


We head out to the toxic BBQ.  Hit a grocery store?  What should we bring?  
Decide to just pick up some In N Out and scope the crowd without relying on the food situation
  

Not exactly sure what our table says, but we settled on something like
RED ALERT!  “VACCINES V. BABIES [something]”


  

“Hey, take a picture of me at the BBQ with my OMM NOM NOM shirt”


///having.entertainer.comical
Sitting on the outskirts, eventually our empty seats attract some folks and we conversate.
Clay grew up in Missouri / Iowa, but traveled here from Germany
We were warned the international contingency would be limited
This guy introduces himself as the head of security.  I extend to meet his hand for a shake but retract
“Smart move” he says
They’re talking about the OODA loop and other stuff I’m not familiar with.
I’m briefly useful with a bottle opener.
A recent undergrad from New York, Vincente, shows up and joins the conversation
It’s still only Pre-Con but I feel this trip has already had the primary hallmarks of success
I’ve collected some good memories and the characters that have facilitated them
Clay seems not sure he’s found his tribe, but he encourages my bio info dump
Getting to nerd out like this is why I keep showing up


Blackjack is a little bit of skill, art.  And a whole lot of luck
This guy is a self-described degenerate gambler
And I haven’t yet tried it once


Rian, a character from a Snow Crash prequel.  Wild west coast courier
Wants to sit “with the cool kids” and OMG it’s us (Ryan asks if we should leave)
Rian asks Ryan (re Aaron) “How did you get your coworker out here?”
“I just said ‘Do you wanna go to Vegas?’”
(Nick should show up here, but he grew up near here, so that’s kinda the opposite of enticement
He’d rather see Red Rocks than the strip again)


  

Aaron seems wistful.  Wants to wander off into the mountains and we must stop him
Don’t go, Johnny Two Shoes, you’ll just wander your way into the great water polo pool in the sky


Pepper Con is here
I was afraid that it would throw me on my ass 
Like [that shot] did last time (DEF CON 27)
But I guess it’s a case of the devil in the dose.  And that was just a little lick
It burns, it lingers, but never overwhelms
Not sure I got this right, but I think the mix includes:
Fatali (125,000-325,000)
Carolina Reaper (1,400,000-2,200,000)
Trinidad Scorpion (1,200,000-2,000,000)
Ghost (855,000-1,041,427)
Got another chip.  Replaces the one I bestowed on MNKE for his taco night bravery
The Ping Pong curry that seemed pretty hot before, seems more mild now
  
  

Some guy herds cats into a huge badge chain.  Yay, BBQ


  
  

Back to the tipsy robot for some robot drinks
I get a Gin and Tonic
And we order a Long Island
Which tastes bad.  A step up from Tequila which tastes like regret
But only half a step up
Surreal, a quiet, disembodied voice keeps calling my name. Or is it?
Oh it turns out it is.  This display is inaccurate, says 0%, but the drink is done.
You be the next dave
  

An experience I don't regret but will never repeat


~2200 head out again
There are weird people at the bar.  These are my people
“The odds are good, but the goods are odd”


  
  

From Sully’s to the chillout room.  ///ants.chef.small
It’s not chillout now, it’s active EDM.  With bubbles.
I love these rooms and how they turn into late-night dance parties
But missing the big names this year, like Dual Core, MCs Frontalot and Chris
Kraftwerk never shows and Daft Punk is defunct


“Have you guys got the signal yet?”
IDK, but we connect anyways
Wonderful badge design
But the progression seems to be a little too linear
Could use some more parallelism and low-effort options
I need more bite-sized chunks that don’t rely on community cheats
I do dozens of things in one con and feel it’s not enough
Spending the whole time on something like the badge or a L057 challenge or illuminati, nearly inconceivable


Friday 8/6


0017 pool party is over


Find Claudus and follow him to a room party
“I’m sure I recognize you”
ActualReverend - From the Caesar’s ‘til morning hangout  [DEF CON 25 and 26 IIRC]
A larger than life character
Equal parts inviting and intimidating


Badge hacking chat with a host what recognized me.
Hand out a sticker and random swag, haha
[Then what follows in the evernote is several kilobytes of Hh. and newlines, a couple of 0o and P]
[Ending with:
H
H
G.gg
    Big
Igg
Gg
Nnhmmm Yeah M]
Assuming this was mostly pocket madness and not intentional


[Sleep]


“Hi, where can I get a badge?”
“Oh, registration is just down here and to the right.  It’s your first time?”
“No, I was here for DEF CON 27”
“OK, have fun”
They make this place confusing on purpose


  

Three tokens required for entry:  Badge, bracelet, mask
Pre-registration is a DEF CON first and I’m impressed at how smoothly it goes
“Why has it been cash only?”
Not really sure, but the attendees favor anonymity, so it’s that kind of culture and tradition 
And the CON maybe wants to protect itself.  Being able to commit credit card fraud is practically prerequisite for attending


Down to track 1
To catch the end of Dark Tangent’s intro
Room seems fairly full, sit by the back
“I’ve seen some decent chains, son”
16 bits, that’s your limit
  

They decided to 3D-print the key caps
Cheaper and customized
  
DEF CON IS CANCELLED
but you can’t stop the signal


“This is the process, there is a lot of alcohol involved
For someone who doesn’t drink, there was a lot of alcohol in my house”


“However many badges you think 10,000 is, it’s more
I swear they were having babies in boxes”


Fe means iron
That’s why they call me Fe-male, right?


Goon:  “Thank you for coming to DEF CON IRL.  We love that you’re here”
I, hoarse:  “I love you, too”
Not sure how voice got so hoarse, I feel I’ve hardly even used it.


We got a Mog and Teal (from DEF CON 27) running the MUD
A lady asks me what it’s all about.  Her response: “Oooh, my ADD won’t let me do that”
Yeah, I love a MUD as much as the next nerd, but there’s sooo much going on concurrently right now


A little cluster, we’re trying to connect with a Creative
“Ooh, yours is in a mode that’s an error beep.  You should talk to someone over there about that”


1200 elevator back up to the room with another “this is my first time at DEF CON”
“What is your advice?”
My answer doesn’t vary much from “This”
You can skip out on all the content, learn about any of these 0dayz later
But you’ll be hard-pressed to find another crowd like this, where you can comfortably nerd-out with so many people.
And Hacker Jeopardy.  Don’t miss that.


Ryan’s interview prep is reading bad jokes.  Yup, he’s got this.


More goons policing with pool noodles
I love these guys


  

We take a celebratory shot of skeleton whisky


  

Beverage Cooling Contraption Contest
A fun gathering, but they aren’t overflowing with drinks like they were in DEF CON 24


  
  

And car hacking village announces free (as in) beer
“Anyone from a car company?”
“Woooo!”
“Hack ‘em.  Or don’t.  I don’t give a shit”


  

A wander through voting hacking village proves interesting as always
  



19-something - head down for Hacker Jeopardy
Room feels too small and too sparse
  
  

We broke the ceiling (chandelier) (again) [DEF CON 27]
“It was like that before we got here”


“At some point we’re gonna fist bump”  [We high five]
Beach ball bumpin’  “Got ‘em!”
Ajit Pai - fuck that guy
Plagued by more technical difficulties - “Have you tried turning it off and on again?”


  

Selection is limited, drink a Sam Adams to prepare for my next destination, Boston        
[My to-be host’s response:  Ugh]


  

Aaron is talking to some sketchy ladies
Over another round


  

“Dammit, John” is talking about aerospace and what/where is DEF CON
“Note to Dave:  Go fuck yourself”  - he’s a little salty in faux tough-guy persona
At some point I lost a key cap and he comes to the rescue again by finding a new one




  
  

Wander through the pool party.  Good times
  

Saturday 8/7
  



Take a shower, change into my 3rd and final shirt
Vendor area is tiny this year, looks like I won’t be buying another one


  

Looks like my bottom-right LED is out
Button beeps but don’t light up
  

Turns out to be a dying battery.  I’ve brought spares, but a couple of those are also already dead


  

Ryan (aka John) is Kevin today


  
  

“Which way to the Forum tower?  Y’all don’t work here…”


Wandering with Claudus for a bit
Hacked the bag check to the pool
They let me open only one section
And the side can was already empty
And the good stuff in an inside pocket
I don’t drink any alcohol in the pool area, but I sure as heck smuggled some in


  
  

Badge challenge requires you to sever a connection and solder two together
Met a woman what self-identifies as a puzzle


At the sticker swap I see everything I put down got picked up
It’s a little corner of a shop and not a hub of activity
  

Acquisitions


  
  

Free hallway beer creates a nexus of conversation
“Where are you from?”
“Maryland”
“Oh, that means Government”
“But I’m not here to spy on you, don’t worry”


No talks on my must-see list
Content I can always catch later, my choices are based on the speakers’ stage presence / audience participation
We need more Johnny Long, Jayson Street, Dan Kaminsky (RIP)


Wandered outside again.  Sketchy guy on the street offers me “Acid, blow, MDMA”  
“No thanks, I’m good, take care”


Subway lunch
Say hi to Joe Torres 
And got a new collectible


  
  





Sunday 8/8
  

Ryan’s traditional Sunday apparel


  

Current Badge Status:  Not quite confident in the veracity of this data
https://github.com/d1str0/dc29-badge/tree/main/spoilers


  



  



  
  

Things seem to be deteriorating quickly
  

Apple smashing:  “This is what happens when we don't have enough villages”


Sunday afternoon
Phone buzz from Hacker Tracker
Fuck it, let’s try to make it to a second talk
Robots with lasers.  Hacking roombas
  



Security guy got vandalized, googly eyed, seems delightful
“I love your 3rd eye”


Closing ceremonies
Start in memoriam, without naming names
We have have known too many that have died
Not known them well, per se, but it still really sucks I won’t get another high five from Dan Kaminsky
No more beard contests for Rance, No more python advice from King Tuna


Will be interesting to see next year, who returns.  
New venue, same badge makers, should be good
Chatting with Todd.  
He already knows secret pizza, hell yeah
His eyes light up when I mention just feeling normal here
His card has a logo with the symbol I have tattooed on my body:  ouroboros


This guy one row back hands me a little book
I half-expected it to be some religious propaganda
A fancied-up Chick Tract, but no, it’s the Constitution, thank god


Passing an alien baby with chopsticks - ok, cool


  
  



Someone picked up a def condom
Puts it down to avoid his wife making any sort of inference from that
“Smart move.  There's a virus in there”


Chat with Claudus then drive to Tacos
Playing post-party depression en route
I’m loving this new tradition


Tacos And Beer - We get the Beer of the month
A sour mistake


Next year, we’re doing DaveCon.  Famous Dave will Key Note
Dave Goons wear a shirt saying “Follow me, I’m Dave” on the back
With your badge you get a note book.
Ryan drops me off to head home
“Til next year, at DaveCon”


Monday 8/9


We didn’t turn the TV on once this year
No DEF CON TV, missed the Dan Kaminsky channel
No Naked and Afraid [DEF CON 26]


Waved over for looking so damn cool
Brief chat by the cafe, introductions, hand out stickers, but my brain is fried, so I walk off rather than take a seat
My flight to Boston is at night, so now I’m looking at a full day of Vegas, sans CON
  

Feeling absolutely faded, drained, empty.  Gatorade hits the spot, wander over to Caesar’s
Nothing new to see offsite, but it’s a little bit depressing to hang out here, the corpse of the CON turns quickly in the heat


  

Scope out the new site  ///point.dragon.skips
We got Guy Fieri, Catalyst will be one of our main bars
Yeah, I want to stay at Linq.  Seems brighter, cheerier
(Escalators may prove to be a problem again, c.f.  DEF CON 25)


  

Back on-site for one last Blue Moon at Sully’s 
Interesting how quickly a spot gets imbued with memories and emotion
Blew both taps - asked for a draft, got a bottle.  Understandable, have a nice day


Should have picked up another Human badge
DaveCon could just co-op the technology

Sitting down I feel my legs repairing themselves
But my eyes are still getting dried out and destroyed
Huge gaps in my notes - a good sign and also regret
I slept too reasonably, didn’t watch the sun rise once
I walk around some more, clutch my chest to play with a badge that isn’t hanging there
Sun is setting and I have no bed to sleep in tonight


The awkward way in which she read the copy led me to believe that she is thanking
Military men (and women)
Rather than Military (men and women)


Time to get on the plane
So I transition from Fallout New Vegas to Fallout 4
Boston


Index




________________


Appendix A:  Floor stuff
  

  

  

Avogato
