Friday


Two cop cars drive past as we walk from work to the iTap
The first one looks cool, the second looks like the terminator.
A man who hates fun.



Town Drunks are playing 
The music drowns out a passing helicopter
As a woman dances a jig to Folsom Prison Blues



  
  






“If you’re wearing a purple shirt you have to finish your drink.”





He’s talking to you, Tales.


Guess I’d better start wearing purple



Browsing my white paper, Epstein-Barr in Mutu and Akata
A visualization of the entirety of the virus genome fits on the page
Peaks and valleys of RNA-Seq expression in stark blue and red
The colors complement the outfits of the frauliens



Pipe tobacco and I think a hint of Swishers
Smells like college



Wyld Stallions open with the Beatles
Plays some STP with an easy 90s style
And at the opening bars of Sweet Emotion
A cocky youth in the smooth rock and roll strut 
That reminds me of Stones, of course, but also oddly, Depp as Hunter S. Thompson



Two couples dancing with swing moves, lots of spins
"Old people having fun:  I like it"



Looking down, I'm reading about the efficacies of selection of poly(A) tails
And looking up I spy a smooch on a soft face under wavy hair
Out of the noise and voices and static I hear "Hey Dave"
But they aren't talking to me.



From a kind soul: "Put this on your head"
Like I don't look enough like a nerd
She hands me a lamp to help me read
"I hope it helped.  I really do"
We have a pleasant conversation
She looks every bit like Paula Dean
And introduces me to her husband twice
"This is Dave"  "We met"



Chance does favor the bold, I guess
The "playa" in a cloth cap has his hand 
Simultaneously on the small of the back of two of the office space Venuses
A smile like a grimace on her face that is the thin line between enjoy and tolerate











Saturday


A cop car sitting in front of Surf Dogs
Seems there may have been a bit of a kerfuffle



And I set to work, adding rows to my spreadsheet, scores on a 5 point scale
I start with an Imperial Russian Espresso Stout by Stone (5.0)
"Starting with the good stuff, eh?  It's all downhill from here"
And yes, it does receive top marks from me.
"Hey, that looks good.  What is it?"


  




I'm at a bar.  A place that typically is the domain of:
Bros, who fit in anywhere; socially dominant muckety mucks 
And/or people that are primarily defined by drinking, derelicts
This place manages to make me feel accepted despite being neither.
I guess that they are beer geeks and that's something I can relate to.



Reading more Darwin
It's unfortunate that the mating of distal species fails
And proximal varieties often results in sterility


Life could use some more interesting chimeras



Game of Thrones Blonde Ale (4.5)
"It's really foamy, I'm sorry."  "No problem"
Starts a little rough, finishes smoother
And gives me a sudden flashback to Hobart, extra marks for that 



To live you need to lift your head
To look away from words and towards the events in life that generate them.
Or do you?
A day fully lived could result in a lifetime of reflective contemplation.
And the solipsist in me can already generate the all of everything.



The tap says "Test Brew - Ask Your Server" (4.0)
With now a sparkle not unlike champaign
Fruity and not incompetent


A dark haired girl with a super light beer
And her Imperial Stout of a boyfriend 
Seat themselves opposite me
And a frog-jumpered toddler ambles by, smiling broadly.



Stillwarter Artisinal (4.0)
A solid stout.  Thicker than Guinness, thinner than Dragon's Milk 



In retrospect I realize that my back of the envelope calculation on how much I should drink
Is based on a very inaccurate assessment of the size of the tasting glass
With each ounce my minds moves through more fog
But my face becomes more congenial



I drift into and out of reality
Full of counterproductive urges
It's a rare Saturday that finds me not at work
I can't even tell if I'm having these thoughts or just writing them.



And so it's a day that remains
Sitting in the sun with a beer in my hand
With noise and life and its luxury surrounding me



O'Fallon Kite Tail (4.0)
Light and fruity, not my favorite genre, but a solid entry in it



Full circle back to the imperial stout
"Still goin' strong?"  
"It's the best"  



Bell's Oberon (4.0)
Nicer than normal beer.  Light, but not anemic.



PM BBQ I don't think I've ever been here this early in the day or seen it so full
"That looks tasty.  Do they pay you to sit out here and eat that?  No?  They should."



I'm sitting at the edge of the bar
Watching the water cooler fill and empty
It empties so quickly.  "A lot of drunk people around here"



Discussing the interpretation of the binary on my SkullShirt
"If I was staring at you all night it's not because I thought you were cute"
41 and 19, each oddly represented as a nybble and a half 
In ascii it's ) and Device Control 3
That doesn't mean anything



And here's a fun game:
Pretending sentences from this publication are pick-up lines.
Hey baby, you seem to possess a high degree of eukaryotic complexity
Which is likely attributed to alternative splicing.
You must be a N3 stage cell expressing glial markers 
Because you're giving me a propensity to differentiate into glial cells after bFGF/EGF withdrawal.



Society adores a peach
Soft fuzzy succulence on the outside
Even if it's wrinkly, wretched core can chip a tooth
I'm a filbert.  With a bland, impenetrable shell around myself.
And in possession of a non-obvious awesomeness.



I'm ambivalently aware
A keen observer of the scene
And somehow completely detached from it
Hiding behind sunglasses, papers, clipboard
I'm not sad, not forlorn but I do approach maudlin
I am a decoy.  Something that looks like a man, but does not react like a man.
As a dog, deciding not to chase a car I couldn't handle if I could catch.
Words I adore, I craft and smith carefully
And yet I'm lost in a conversation
I don't belabor it
So I do flit
Not flirt



The sun has set, 82 has dropped to 78.  And I'm Punk in Drublic (NOFX).
Dude next to me has a giant friggin' hole in his ear.



The Funky Butt Brass Band exhorts us to drink a little poison
And I oblige, debating between Obsidian and Eclipse 
When the sign for Dragon's Milk goes up
One of my favorite potions
So that's my pick
