Friday morning
07/08/07
        it's raining, a light drizzle
        as I pull into long term parking
        and squeeze into the shelter
        there's a bland couple, typical midwest
        some airport workers
        some woman looking hippie-rad-urban
        a skinhead with wife and baby
        "you had to be stuck behind me" he apologizes
        while the shuttle bus driver takes bag after bag
        but I don't mind being rained on
        "I like your pin" he says (What a geek) 
        "Thanks" I smile
        we get on and hippie says to the sleeping baby
        "I'm more sleepy than you"
        not really rude or taunting but still something in the way she says it
        she strikes me as a bitch 
        some drama on the bus 
        "You didn't know there'd be a show" skinhead says to me
        girl isn't going to put up with the driver's crap
        not today. bad morning.
        "What can I do to help?" The driver implores
        "Maybe later when we're alone" she responds
        after she disembarks the driver raps about it
        something about removing articles of clothing and "hitting it"
        talking about her sister, his cousin and last week in a bar
        a cute white girl on the bus a while ago, but she needs more meat
        I'm enthralled
        
        standing in line, security
        the business suit with slick man hair turns to me 
        and (in confidence) makes fun of the newbs
        (like oh my gawd, can you believe they're not ready??)
        look at me with my shock of boy hair 
        there are pink squirrels on my shirt
        I am also a white male, but I am not your peer, this is not my scene
        
        sitting in the airport, almost two hours to go
        surrounded by different sorts of people and they are all real
        some faces are friendly and fall to a smile easily. others permascowl
        seems to me a little odd. I start reading Only Revolutions
        a women talking to her friend looks past her to me and says
        "they'll hand cuff you" laughing
        
        London terror on the TV. talking, talking all one voice, one dimension (CNN)
        "Please report any unattended bags or suspicious behavior"
        I'm headed to SLC. Am I not a subversive?
        outside big windows I see green and I see flat
        and big chunks of metal lifting into the air
        a little breeze of processed air tap tap light on my face
        my neck gets sore from reading.
        a bag says "ABA defending justice and liberty" ain't it the truth
        reminds me of high school Anti-Beagle-Association 
        a woman swoops like a vulture/eagle with chips/chirps behind her
        
        I procure a window seat. on the plane reading. 
        sitting behind the crane technician
        writing a little bit. watching the flaps
        clouds, clouds. some farms. a mountain.
        clouds above us and below we are encased in white
        when a shiny one comes between me and the wing it disappears
        I'm in Salt Lake City.
        later he asks me "What did you do in Salt Lake?" 
        "Go to the bathroom" I answer
        soon enough I'm in line for another plane.
        The guy behind me talks a little in my direction
        seems nice, like Tim Martin.
        in the B-line some rich-looking blonde with a shocked face
        complains about the froyo service.
        I'm looking at mountains jawline molar, canine white capped enamel
        
        it's raining as I arrive in Seattle
        I use the phone to find Lee. We cruise in the PT
        right off the bat he points out three liberal bumper stickered cars
        that's how you know you're on the west coast.
        we have a few of those, I note
        but it's mostly rah rah Jesus where I live
        I notice his grey hairs. He turns 28 tomorrow.
        "Don't you have grey hairs?" he asks me
        "I hardly have pubic hair" I mumble
        drive past city scape, pull into a overlook
        coffee at Starbucks, we go past the house of Paul Allen's mom
        beach and rocks. dead crabs, a mermaid made of rocks and shells
        I lack some tack, to be fair
        "Do you think I'd say half the things I do if I knew how people would react?
        Don't ascribe to me conversational prescience that I don't have."
        "This conversation is over. Nobody says 'conversational prescience' 
        without trying to sound pretentious"
        
        tour of the home. 300K, rented. 
        house on a hill (what a thrill) 
        Only revolutions has me thinking in little lame rhyme (what a crime)
        his and hers offices. a bedroom.
        the living room is decorated with stuff from Tanzania
        a beautiful red couch by which a banjo sits, 
        he tells of the struggle to get it in the previous apartment
        an extensive liquor cabinet, mainly for aesthetic value
        koshka loves me. looks like a fat Heineken, very friendly
        "Lots of good dog qualities" he says 
                
        we take the bus to the city.
        a somewhat addled person with a beautiful service dog
        is yelling at a collection agency. Lee helps out with a phone number
        we meet with Laura, we head into store of musical instruments
        she tries out a violin
        to a pub where we drink some pitchers
        I listen to how they help real people at their jobs
        While I mainly discuss Def Con (what a geek, indeed)
        in the alley below Laura witnessed a boob flopping out of a top
        so we're watching the lane for more of the same
        to the baseball game to watch some pitchers
        on the bus a couple are signing. I try to glean some words.
        we arrive too late to get our free bobble heads. sorely disappointing
        Mariners beat Toronto Blue Jays, eh. 
        to a Krispy Kreme. a winding line for Hot Doughnuts now.
        they walk around to give out Free Samples!
        it takes a lot of dedication to eat a dozen doughnuts
        we catch a bus at a non-sanctioned stop
        I fall asleep on an inflatable mattress.


Saturday
Lee's birthday
        I'm up since 6ish, with the sun. 
        I squint at rays and for a moment I think that I've missed the entire day.
        writing in the morning. Koshka cozies up, keeping me company.
        it's seven and the house is still asleep
        I'm smelling flowers. The red ones at the fence are my favorites.
        Nineish they start to awake.
        doughnuts and special Dr. Pepper with cherry (a tradition)
        with LED ice cubes
        we make plans for the day
        head to a coffee house where I have a double espresso
        such a little cup, but how potent a drink.
        we discuss survival. I bring up Zombie Squad
        they talk about the defensibility of their previous apartment.
        Lee wanted a hatchet to destroy a walkway.
        He speculates that it was growing up nestled between two graveyards 
        that put the fear of zombies into him.
        We talk about the scene. There's culture here. Hendrix and Cobain.
        
        driving south on 5. mountains in the distance
        "There's your Jesus fish" he says. a reminder of home
        Mt. Rainer in the distance. Listening to mixed CD
        Mountain Goats singing about Galesburg
        some African music, on a benevolent dictator
        a sign for Hooters/Carpet Liquidators reminds me of 
        Black Crowes Liquor in front, Poker in rear 
        this town reminds me of the trip West, Wyoming with my Mom.
        a Modest Mouse song comes on as pine trees surround us.
        so this is the Pacific North west.
        
        notes are thought ore that through work can be refined into writing
        
        heading to Olympia we pass Sleater Kinney
        the capital is here. hippies and politicians
        useless mental masturbation
        lunch at Old School Pizza. 80s bliss.
        playing video games dig dug / pin ball, Off Road
        posters on the wall. The Bulls with Michael Jordon
        Michael Jackson back when he was black. 
        Farrah Fawcet, Burt Reynolds.
        
        we head to Mount St. Helens. missing its top.
        walking around the path over the water
        trying to coax the flowers into eating the flies
        they're supposed to be carnivorous
        swallow birds chase bugs around
        I want to see something get eaten
        dragon flies are mating
        
        south to Portland, Oregon. City of Bridges.
        parking then to Powells.
        a book store several stories, covering a block.
        a really good feeling just to know that it exists.
        a half a room for scifi, I'm browsing through poetry
        reading some Bukowski - his words make me smile
        I'm searching for C++, Perl, programming. no luck
        so sad, since I know they could do it so well.
        then I learn that they have a separate store for technical books
        we stop by. it's everything I could hope for
        
        so many people in the city
        you can find your phenotype no matter how twisted you are
        stop at starbucks for more coffee (can't seem to avoid it)
        (some passing kid said it's a demon)
        we stop by MoonStruck after a search. Free Samples!
        (I ate dark chocolate with my mouth, just letting it melt)
        decide to find some dinner before gorging on chocolate
        some quaint cafe. a beautiful, tree-lined part of the city
        to the left a decorator talking about
        feng shui - the universe out of balance
        someone told her she focuses on the negative
        but she has to set things straight
        to the right a woman is going back home to Texas
        everyone who is anyone is going to be at her going away party 
        going back home she gets such strength from her parents
        our waiter is a pilot, took her up in a helicopter
        apparently it got her to stop talking for a while, a real accomplishment
        and seeing the city, how beautiful it was. 
        the moment she realized she didn't belong
        and apparently being fired was a good thing and only tangential to her decision
        Harleys revving loudly as we try to order
        back to MoonStruct where Lee orders a mouse in shape of Grand Tetons
        we drive back to Seattle, playing "guess the movie from the quote"
        films from Astoria: Goonies (they were there during a reunion) and Kindergarten Cop
        darkness falls and I intermittently sleep
        wake for a story of strangeness - 
        finding a campsite with so many full
        dessert driving (no amenities, 100 miles)
        up for too many hours. a cop in the middle of the road. they stop.
        he gives an ominous warning - watch out for...
        later they encounter a man wearing only underwear, running in shackles
        running low on fuel fearfully they pump gas in the next town
        city lights as we arrive back in Seattle
        beautiful scenery and cool cities - great place to visit he says, not so great for living
        but I guess that describes just about anywhere


Sunday
        at 7:30 Koshka decides it's time I wake for real
        on a clear day you can see mountains from the dining room table
        we pick some raspberries, head to the Farmer's market.
        listening to David Cross, comedy.
        breakfast nearby "The best part was when he caressed me with his knife"
        it's noon and we drive east. past rich-people houses and corporate headquarters
        looking for Northern Exposure, we find Twin Peaks
        In the heart of big mountains, we see an elk crossing
        we keep joking about moose.
        Visit the waterfall for a while. "The best part was when the water fell"
        To Microsoft's campus. Wearing a Linux shirt I touch a pole in the belly of the beast.
        Building after building with the Microsoft logo. Hey look, Nintendo.
        We turn the corner and more Microsoft. We later learn MS is buying that Nintendo building
        so this is what we're up against (and all we've got a few guys in basements)
        Grocery shopping in Chinatown, nice grocery stores. We visit three of them
        supplies for sushi night.
        Lee buys nori by the hundreds, eats it instead of potato chips
        I pick up a bottle of pirate juice, some seaweed salad
        Wondering where floors 1 and 2 are. (And 3? I ask) He's assuming it's the ground floor
        "I see, so you extrapolated." "I wouldn't use that word" "But you did it. In public, no less."
        Back home for a snack-meal. wasabi peas, deviled eggs, cherries, raspberries, bread&oil We watch Meet the Parents. Leave the room to let Laura sleep during Meet the Fockers
        sit on the couch to discuss: cancer, neighbors. 
        (Drama derives from an ancient word meaning stupid boy)


Monday
Laura's birthday
        We head downtown. Lee welcomes me to where he works
        and nearby is a cop with someone bent over his car
        Walking along Pike's Market.
        Taste some honey. Hey, free chewin' stick. Bonus!
        They throw fish here. It's kind of a thing that they do.
        We stop in a magic shop, then a poster store
        looking for absinthe mini posters. browsing 50's americana
        whiskey tango foxtrot. Seriously, WTF?
        See the first Starbucks. Long line.
        We grab our morning coffee at a Tully's (they call it drip)
        to a park zone for sitting. staring at mountains and the bay
        you can see the canadian coastals from here. really quite beautiful
        they want to make this road a tunnel and take away my view, he tells me
        a man with a cane asks me to take his picture. "It's for my brother in prison"
        To the plaza of the Space Needle. Men in brown shirts are running away from it.
        To the Music Experience and Sci Fi Museum.
        Spending time learning about Grand Master Funk. (Lee is a fan)
        A fair amount of Neal Stephenson. Dune. Makes me happy
        "Was this just stuff that Paul Allen had in his house?" Lee asks the coat check girl
        who is handing me my backpack ("I can't believe you still have that" (since high school)) 
        Visit the 7-11 turned into a Kwik-e-Mart.
        bought some Buzz Cola. Couldn't find the Krusty-Os
        Looking for lunch along the market. 
        We walk out of seats at the Bolivian place since everything is made of meat.
        Lunch at the Thai place where Lee eats at least once a week. Always the same thing.
        We buy flowers at the Market. Then pickup Laura from work.
        Head to bowling. I get 50 or 60 the first game. Over 100 on the second.
        Dinner at Viva, Mexican restaurant. 
        Across the street to buy some fireworks.
        Back home to play Scene It. 
        Purple Rain is to Scene It as Patrick Swayze is to Catchphrase
        


Tuesday
        up at 7 Laura leaves for work. 
        "Are you going to sit on the couch for two hours, waiting for Lee to wake up?"
        "Oh, I'll do something" I pull out my notebook and swap ink cartridges
        blue from the pen I found on the street but lost the spring for (I think it's in Laura's flowers)
        Lee wakes and plays the banjo for me. Still learning, but sounded really good at times.
        We go to watch salmon at the fish ladder. 
        They look more like stairs says a disembodied voice.
        They leap only occasionally and rather lazily. 
        In the viewing area a man turtle-eyed and wiry, tattoos up his neck.
        With his boy, asking the ranger some questions.
        "Call me old fashioned, but they make me hungry.
        I want to eat them or at least catch them"
        The viewing window I notice fish eyes don't follow you
        a cat, a squirrel will acknowledge your presence. fish, not so much.
        outside they are netting and tagging fish
        across the street for the liquor store. 
        her top elicits "how do you think that boy feels about his mom being a whore?"
        sitting at another coffee shop. I'm wearing my FreeBSD shirt
        homeless man selling papers is quite enamored with the devil on my shirt
        Lunch in the Ethiopian district. Spongy bread you eat with your hands
        To a street soaked with Grunge Culture.
        This is the Jack in the Box where Kurt Cobain would buy his heroin.
        Stumbled upon the graveyard we were looking for.
        We get out of the car and walk around. Discussing zombies.
        Must see phantasm movies.
        A beautiful view from this hill.
        The first graveyard of Seattle, holds founders of the city.
        In the chinese section, a shrine.
        We're looking for Bruce Lee's grave
        Two kids standing there or we'd miss it. Hidden by bushes
        "Two dorks leave so two new dorks can stand here"
        words on the stone: Life seems endless because we don't know when it ends
        we have a finite and small number of occurrences left for each good thing
        someone took a taxi to the grave yard to see Bruce Lee.
        Lee is quite amused by this. 
        We leave.
        Listening to Allison Krauss and old-school country. Carter family.
        We pick up Laura and head home lazy in the sun we read.
        ninety degrees in the house. We open the door and turn on the fan. Cool it to 76
        keeping Koshka in the house so she doesn't eat grass and puke
        I Internet up a mushroom brush when they don't believe me that it exists
        I play the Mr. T mother song when things start to get personal
        "I'm too /high/ to eat crackers" the neighbor proclaims
        Lee mixes me a drink. I'm lighting fire works with a Zombie in hand.
        eating sushi, tempura. the pirate juice wasn't very good. but I had to save the label.
        to the front yard for spinners. it is midnight, quiet
        the hen whistled, disappointed


Wednesday
        I lie in bed dazed, not up til nineish
        we spend some time playing City Of Villains
        then head to Jimi Hendrix grave
        dead in 1970, at 28
        to a theater, we watch Sicko
        It takes a special breed to see it on the fourth of July, she notes.
        back home for a spell. I eat a cherry from the Special Red Plate. Sign the book.
        Fighting traffic to see some fireworks. Sitting on a hill.
        Beautiful skyline. Hill on left, sky scrapers on right. Needle in center.
        Multiple shows. The barge is like a flower. So much smoke.
        A more special one to the right Smiles and wire cube fire works.
        To the grocery store since Lee has a craving for potato salad (it's the day for it, I guess)


Thursday
        Up at 6:30 I call Mom (who called yesterday, forgetting I was still in Seattle)
        Ryan thinks he's a whitesican, his cop friend pulled his nine on some punks be frontin'
        Someone suggested that Grandma come along to Buffett. "What would I do there?"
        Dad suggests hit the bong, then has to play it off like he said 'wrong' 
        Morning conversation on bureaucracy, demoralization
        Delayed flight at airport, makes me nervous since I have to switch planes 
        in Kansas City. Lamest airport I've ever been in.
        Landing in St. Louis combines end of vacation sad with end of book sad.
        Sam and Hailey - forever 16, both dead.
        coming back to the car after a long absence. 
        this life feels only vaguely familiar, still strange, but flooding back
        tired at ten, driving like a zombie
        fun fact: zombies can drive




$ cd ..
