Driving to Lake Murphysboro
Scenic route 3, through Chester, home of Popeye
River.  Corn.  Hills.
May have hit a frog.
May have hit a butterfly.
  

  

We head out to Slow Ride’s new bar:  Seven
It’s a soft opening
  

Black Roberts has a skull and crossbones
“You want to drink it or look at it?”
Why not both?
I order a pirate rum and coke.  
“I like to know what’s going in my mouth”


Ryan has a function to attend
The taco guy’s only there between 5 and 7
But you know you’re gonna wanna taco at 10pm
You can stuff a spare one in your pants bag
“I’m not above eating a pocket taco”


  

Driving around in the high-tech truck
We stop by the craft fair, farmers market.
They sure love decorating with broken glass around here.
Old people love crosswords.
Little dogs, an ambulance.  


  
This guy is all about safety and good times  


  

I toad you we’d have fun at the visitor center.
  


  

Sassafras
  

  



  
    
Ryan spied him first.
Driving past.  Did anyone else see a face?  It looked like a ghost.
No one believes the lying liar
Until we’re on the trail and run into Kevin.


  

Eastern box turtle psyching himself up for the steep climb.
  

Chasing fishes and frogs.  Ryan spots a water snake. .
  

Dang nature, you crazy.
  



Done with our walk we decide to head over to Big Muddy Brewing.
We find the place easy enough, but it doesn’t exactly look inviting.
Purely industrial.
  

Are you sure this is the door for us?


Inside, it’s cozy.  Yes, we belong here.
  

Don’t even get her started on t-shirts.
They never have the style she wants in a size she can wear.
“Why would I want to wear a little blonde girl?
That’s something you guys would want.  Girls want to wear a sasquatch.  I’m serious.”
We’re going to contact SilkWorm and try to make this happen.
And we’re starting our own company:  Anita T-shirt.


We order the sampler thing that comes with a pint glass.
Czech Pils
        Yup, that’s beer.
Blueberry Blonde
        This tastes like something I’d want on my chest.
Pre-prohibition
        Why would we want a beer like that, haven’t they learned a thing or two since then?
Oktoberfest
        Prost
17th St. smoked amber
        Very smokey.
Pumpkin Smasher
        How many more are there?
Vanilla stout
        Minor miscommunication, we get two extra of this one.
Apple ale
        Tastes like apples
Big muddy monster
        Is this the one with swamp water?
Galaxy IPA
        Talking about Orange is the new black, leads to Oz, and coincidentally Toto is playing
X2 IPA
        We watch the Pete Holmes Blanka video.  Mmmmonster.
St. Andrew
        A nice Belgian.  
And that’s the end of the beers.  There’s one more tap but it’s root beer.
Pro tip:  call for pizza on the way home from the bar so it arrives when you get home.
And before you pass out.


  
Magic vacuum


A morning stroll to the dam where we find a plesiosaur
But it’s too fast to photograph


Then to Little Grand Canyon where we find 3 more Kevins
  
  

  
  



  

What kind of fern is this?  
Ferns don’t have spines.
That’s an armadillo.


  



  

  



  

Mnke arrives and we camp.
Take the paddle board out and around a bit.
  



  



  

These guys have some awesome lights going on
Real party animals right?
What are they doing?
Oh, just watching TV.
Laaaaaame.


  

OK, I can see how a bug gets stuck in a web.
They can be pretty hard to see.
But a bug that just jumps right into a fire?
Too dumb to live.
And this wasn’t the only one.
