Notes written by Anita Bennett, edited by Dave


Fri, March 22        
Left at 5:00
Arrived at Pete’s around 12:30


Sat, March 23
Breakfast at 4 Little Pigs 
Left for Chatanooga about 1:30, arrive ~6:30 their time
Lookout Mountain and Incline Railway - Looks cool but it’s closed
Maybe we’ll hit it on the way back
Taco Bell in Motel


Whistle Stop Cafe (that’s closed too)
Bought box of Fried Green Tomato Batter +1 for Mom
Dave bought a fish windsock.
Cool place.  Maybe we’ll hit it on the way back
Peach Blossom trail didn’t have too many blossoms
But it’s still green and pretty
The weather is great - 70’s and sunny!


Ryan:  We saw a wild turkey that was cool! 
The van ride has been tolerable.  I haven’t complained yet.  
Dave:  I also like our “rations” and singing songs in Spanish.  🐟


Tybee Island Museum + Lighthouse
Bought ornament.  Visited Fort Pulaski - didn’t have to pay 
Stayed at Hampton.  Ate at the Pirate House  ($100)
Dave:  They build a lot of stuff out of a macabre shell mixture called tabby
Skull crusher is the name of the coolest coffee cup ever made


Mon, March 25
Ate breakfast in lobby - a good variety of food
Went to a park and played.  Moss covered trees, pretty flowers and nice & green.
Walk along riverfront again, bought some stuff
Went to the Ships of the Sea Museum
Lunch at the Wilkes.  It was great!  
Lots of food served family style.
You even had to bring your dishes back to the kitchen when you were done.
Great chicken, stew, mashed potatoes, banana pudding, Boston Creme Pie, etc.
Bought sweatshirt


Hung around the pool while the kids swam / dived for pennies.
Drove over the “Big Bridge” and into S.C.
Went to the Savannah Wildlife Refuge area and saw 8 alligators.
We also saw a lot of coots and some moorhens


Tue, March  26        
Left about 7:00 after breakfast to St. Simon
Check out some beach areas & the lighthouse from outside
Maybe we’ll go up it later


Went to Christ Church.  Beautiful, beautiful flowers!  Chamilia trees!  I want some!
A man told us they bloom all winter - they look like roses
Gardenia bushes everywhere


Spent the afternoon at the beach.
Mullet Bay for lunch.  The waitress was great!
Ate out on the veranda.  Mike & I bought shirts.
Went back to St. Simon lighthouse & museum.
It was beautifully redone to original condition.
Left for Jekyll Island about 4:00 PM
The bridge was closed so we had to detour.


A nice big room with a balcony & a view of the pool and dunes.
The boys went swimming in the pool & we checked out the beach.
We drove around the island in the evening and checked out the club house.


We ate at the crab trap.  
The tables had holes in the middle where you threw your shells and garbage in.  
Jon bought a shirt.


Jon & I take a late night stroll on the boardwalk & beach.
Early the next morning we walked again with Mike.  


Wed, March  27
Digging up welches and some crabs.
Spending the day hanging out around the hotel
Dave & Ryan found a big sea turtle skeleton.
It’s a chilly day.
Lunch at Pizza Inn.  
A very nice lunch buffet, only cost us about $16
Check out some of the shops.  I bought a shot glass and Ryan bought a hat.
Dave found a whole sand dollar.  There were a lot of broken ones all over.
We also have seen a lot of Pelicans, Palmetto trees, and Date Palms
We ate “dinner” (just appetizers) at the hotel restaurant.  
It took forever to get them and Jon complained so the manager took some $ off our bill.


Thur, March 28
Got up early and walk along the beach again with Dave and Ryan
Watching the sun rise over the ocean
Several dead jellyfish
Packed up and heading for Fernandina Beach
It rained last night but is sunny now!


A couple hours at Fernandina Beach on Amelia Island in Florida.
Ryan found a nice big sand dollar.  
Then to Walmart for some oil and heading out to Okefenokee.
We saw a dead armadillo.  
While trying to find the “grey” road to take west off 23 outside of Callahan FL.  
We figured we must have passed up the road ‘cuz the map didn’t tell us the name of it so we turned around and headed back.  A guy asked us where we were heading & told us how to get there (Take Crawford road)  It was a dirt road but it got us there and into a little town called St. George in GA.


Okefenokee is really cool.  
Lots of alligators.  
We almost ran over one.  
Also 2 snakes and 3 ibis flying over.  
At first our boat wasn’t working right so we switched with one of the park employees while in the swamp.  
There were also a lot of painted turtles and some really neat cypress trees with Spanish moss hanging from them.  
Rented a Jon boat w/ motor for $21 for four hours, but we only stayed out for a little over 3 hours.  
Minutes after we returned it started to pour.  
Bought Tee-shirts and a little alligator for Dad.  
All the people working there are very friendly.   
Dave wants to feed squirrels to the ‘gators.


We left Okefenokee about 5:00, stopped at a Hardee’s in Hamerville then headed towards Forsyth Hampton Inn.  Unfortunately the Hampton Inn was full so we ended up staying at the Econo lodge.  
They did have coffee, juice, and donuts in the lobby for us in the morning.  
We arrived there around 10 pm 
Jon was so tired that we took a smoking room, ‘cuz that’s all they had left on the 1st floor.  
We decided not to ever take a smoking room again.


After we had coffee, juice, and donuts we headed for the Whistle Stop for a real breakfast with a side of fried green tomatoes.  It’s got a shoe shine place, old pictures, and signs & pictures from the movie.  Several locals sitting at the counter and some of the booths had tourists.  The waitress was very friendly. 


It took longer than we figured to get to Stone Mountain Park.  
We tried side roads and lost 155 in McDonough so we took 138 up to 212, etc.


Stone Mountain is pretty cool, but the place is full of school kids.  
Fortunately they left pretty early and we were able to enjoy the plantation and civil war reenactors which were part of the Antebellum festival.  Mike bought a pin and a patch for his drummer boy costume.  I felt a little like we were in enemy territory, but it was fun.  We took a cable car up to the top of the mountain.  Pretty cool.


We left Stone Mountain about 2:00 and went to Po Folks off 285 (2nd or 3rd exit)  It was really good country food.  
I had chicken & country steak with mashed potatoes and gravy.  
It was great!  Mike & Ryan had pot pie inside a sourdough bread.  
We also tried bread pudding and Mississippi Mud cake.  
They were very good too!


Got to Pete’s around 8:45.  He wasn’t home, but he left the keys in a boot for us.  
He got home at about 9:30.  Stayed up talking ‘til about 1:00.  Then got up about 6:15 and left for home at 6:59
