Lemmons
Radio man tells me that the Red Headed Strangers will be playing.
And those that call themselves the Kansas City Bear Fighters.
"You mean they don't wear any clothes when they fight?"
No, it's not bare.  And not beer.  Think Grizzlies.


Four square tells me that this is my first check-in at a dive bar.  Hmm, OK.
I find a stool and lay my proteomics white paper on the bar.
Yeah, I vaguely remember Taylor expansions
Taking notes in my evil eye notebook.
"Hard at work" he observes.
"Writing your memoirs?"


I order the 4 Hands Single Speed.
"It's a blond ale, with accents of elder... scrolls"
"I'm a blond and I only have one speed:  go, go, go"
It's only the second day on the job for the short-haired impish youth.
Beers fought:  one
  



Two pinball machines.
And a man in a suit jacket that asks for instructions on playing shuffleboard.
It's like curling for the unambitious.
Guy over here orders a pitcher of Stag.
"One glass?"
"Yeah.  Or just a straw."


I order another 4 Hands, Oatmeal Brown, this time.
Starting to lose interest in proteins and peptides.
The Red Headed Strangers start to strum.
Beers fought:  two


They approach the bar, clad in matching white.  Elegant bowtie.
The sort of thrift-store-formal that I wore the day before.
I shake hands with one of the Bear Fighters.
Talking travels.  Turkey, Cappadocia.
They recognized the evil eye
And gifted me some swag.
Cheerful and engaging.
Captivating conversationalists.
Halfway between Hank Green and Bill Nye
Asks me how to pronounce "Schlafly" and I do my best.
So sad to hear that the Hobosexuals had to back out.
I'll have to catch them another time.
  



The band negotiates the acquisition of their free pizza:
"Are you a vegetarian?"
"No, not technically.  I just don't eat anything with a limbic system."


Red Headed wandering, through All for me Grog
And there's a Pogues song, Streams of Whiskey
Without moving too much, I do a little jig.


Then the Bear Fighters take the stage.
Reminds me of a male version of Katzenjammer
Plucky, energized twanging.
Otherworldly bass.
Folksy, happy, irreverent.
