DEF CON 15
  

Thursday
        I park in the back, a cove off the main lot
        in the shelter waiting for the shuttle
        a moment of quiet meditation 

        This driver is more high strung than the last (Seattle)
        rapid jerky movements shakes his head
        rolls his eyes as the lady looking like Ms. Landingham 
        struggles with her bag, says that she's still waking and "unfolding my body"
        "Aww, poor thing. We'll be your friend, if only for the bus ride."
        Then she reads my shirt to her drowsy, confused companion.

        through the metal detector "Hello David" security says
        reading my boarding pass.  reading my shirt
        "Just Another... Sad Robot... With no friends"
        "Aww, that's sad."

        waiting with two hours to go.
        two kids sit next to me, watching planes take off
        "There's one in the sky!" their enthusiasm is infectious
        "A big one" I turn and see it through his eyes and smile
        the father comes over. I offer my seat, he declines
        "There are many states in the United States"
        I'm reading Gravity's Rainbow.
        the line "hostile to bananas" fills me with joy.
        A man on the phone:
        "Give me 'til the end of next week 
        and we'll decide who we can keep and who we can let go.
        I understand (x10) Give me to the end of next week." 
        Developers on the chopping block. Sad.

        arrive in Vegas, take a cab to hotel. 
        Phone my brother from the registration line (long and stagnant)
        H20 & Snowman are just ahead, they call me over. 
        quickly catching up. new hair, new job?
        Cenobyte and Cygnus still at large 
        line moves, we get badges. 
        Check in to the hotel.
        the norms still hold court here so we walk the strip a little
        Duck into some casinos, pick up some supplies
        Red Bull (do you think a 12 pack will be enough?)
        and Booze (SoCo, plum sake)
        back to the Riviera for some Quiznos
        the hacker crowd is starting to congeal
        congregate, milling about
        the norms envy us our badges
        asking what they're about
        (Some kind of Star Wars thing?)

        some rain so they close the pool
        (don't want people outside, getting wet)

        Rammstein playing, a stage being set up
        Security hassles some guys for laptoping

        we head to the bar, listening to people like astcell
        Brother talks consoles with Squidly1 and beer backpack
        some goons. kicking up a ruckus. gotta love it.
        left me holding a match 
        goons makes you feel loved 
        in that creepy uncle type of way
        he offers to rape my ear 

        "You need a handle. We'll call you Tweedle dee and Tweedle dum"
        "I got a computer for Christmas"
        "I still use a typewriter"
        we're killing time, racking up interaction skill points
        guy decides he's a pimp. five dollars for her, ten for him
        "They aren't going to pay ten dollars for you, 
        I don't know why you came over here"
        Speakers making strange noise. "Do you think that's us?" "Yeah"

        around the corner H20&SnowMan are talking about business
        taking it to the next level

        walk the circuit again. past the pool
        Red Dwarf t-shirt wearer sitting on a balcony
        words are fuzzing, ability to speak: fading
        we head to the Pepper Mill in pursuit of food.

Friday
        we check out the sky boxes (they are supposed to be open by now)
        sitting by a group with a guy that looks like Wes from 3 Dead Trolls
        talking about operating systems, working for phone companies
        "My Shit's on default" has too many letters for the badge
        get caught in a crowd downstairs. 

        first talk. Joe Grand on the DefCon Badge
        I'm surrounded by freaks, phreaks, hackers
        "This is how hardware guys code" on a United napkin

        stick around for Q&A with Bruce Schneier
        "breaking NSA is like breaking Alien tech"
        Even if the cryptography sucks, something else sucks more

        Hit the Vendor area. Drool over some hardware.
        buy some caffeinated mints

        to the skyboxes. check out lockpick village
        soak up some knowledge
        I've played with picks before, but I lack dexterity 
        "you look starry-eyed" she says to me
        I'm looking at the enigma emulator
        in progress, schematics

        browse through contest area, check out the dunk tank
        robots with guns. Monty Python movies.
        damn this place has it all.

        watching the vids in the capture the flag area 
        (my favorite is "le grand content")
        splitting a "Hello My Name is Fuck You" sticker 
        to cover up the touch-sensitive components on the back of the badge
        "Do you want a fuck or a you?"   

        Information. Like a gas it fills the space
        We're pondering the trade-off between privacy and the social benefits of data mining
        I'm in a sweet spot of lucid and drunk
        where everything I think is faux-eloquent

        We meet a man with the last name of Hacker.
        He pulls out his ID to show us. 
        Had a drink maybe too many. Leaves his glass behind.
        This culture of crazy is spoiling me... 

        To a Johnny Long talk. No Tech Hacking. 
        "It's not like they just go missing"

        Security in the elevator asks us "Are you the good guys?"
        We say "yeah" and laugh

        watching Infest Wisely. mini vikings, saving the world.
        put together with 700 dollars and love. 

        popping into the rave/ball. seems a little repetitive
        Nice energy, pretty lights (but I prefer a nice mosh pit)
        Up to the sky boxes. Ushered in to i-hacked.com
        "Why do I know you? I never forget a face."

        noise, noise and glow.
        waiting for the muse, the amusing
        we get to drinking.
        So far, the curve of the plot of fun has the shape of log(t)
        an large initial increase in fun, but rapidly approaching an asymptote
        caffeine provides a scalar increase in magnitude along the y-axis, 
        but does not affect the slope of the plot
        alcohol represents an inflection point 
        fun is now experiencing polynomial growth
        the tone of our conversations change.

        we head back to the long bar.
        chatting with the filmmakers of Infest Wisely
        writer, sci-fi. text games (like Zork) punk points, right on.
        'Zine scene. Berlin, CCC. loving to see cities in decay
        they're shooting machine guns tomorrow

        dropping more stimulants to keep sensation alive
        a shotgun filled with fun is aimed at my face
        but I'm getting too old for this. 
        asleep around 2.


Saturday
        up at various times. four, five. 
        left leg paralyzed, get some ice.
        final up at 7 crack a window, write a little
        reminiscing on the recent past, 
        pressing rewind while it's still (crescent) fresh
        trying to capture the past, aware of the present, shaping the future

        DEF CON Vibe: Hack it all. A liberation so rare. 
        I miss it already and I'm still here

        to a talk on Hacking the Brain with Video Games
        waiting for it to start we're killing zombies on the PSP with a green Elvis 
        Beatles playing on the PA
        pink dreadlocks on stage (definitely in the top ten of best hair)
        The demo machine is with Customs since
        heart rate monitor equals terrorism


Apologizes for being canadian
“Don’t apologize!”
“I have to, I’m canadian”

        Spend the day in talks and wandering
        tcp/ip drinking game. these are some astoundingly smart guys

        Hacker Jeopardy, lots of fun
        they're missing some easy questions
        we have to heckle these guys for not knowing Ohm's law
        then we're let loose to wander some more. 
        find Aestetix and hang out at the prototype hacker space
        wii hax0r avatar wearing black 
        and we fail to crash the Ninja party
        to the penthouse where security issues a vaguely veiled threat
        I guess they don't want us this high after last year's incident


Sunday
        Up near 7, wobbly and weak
        fuel spent, damage bent
        Let my brother sleep while I get hash browns and apple juice
        fragments of memory here are written in water
        sluice through my head
        Q&A talk on guns (the Infest Wisely guys sitting near us)
        to the skybox to catch the HackaDay t-shirts 
        surprisingly restrained, but it's a good thing we got there early
        
        I'm so tired my eyes have lag
        I turn my head and the scene catches up at leisure
        
        Closing ceremonies.
        Tkes and norms shift in, geeks shift out
        night falls
        to circus circus "Is this not a reasonable place to park?"
        Ryan's work calls.  Their internet is down.
        "DEF CON broke the internet"
        every casino is the same.  Machines, stores, crass consumerism
        readjusting to seeing normal people
        and unhacked terminals
        walking down the strip
        Tahiti employee punk rocks to my safety pin
        rockin' out to old school clash, weezer, AFI.  
        the plaza with the big screens
        we bump into the Canadian filmmakers. 
        They're making their way to Fremont street.
        They recommend the Venetian again
        and so we head there

        In comments we rehash our favorite talks
        squeezing past the crowded TI scene 
        (calculator jokes, how nerdy can you get?)
        describing the holdup in networking terms
        severe lag, DOS the sidewalk, timeouts, TTL
        towards the end of the crowd someone has vomited

        step into Margaritaville, a glimpse of Bellagio fountains
        The city has quite the panache, but so superficial.
        We make it to Paris and start to head back
        Elvis says to me "I like your style"

Monday
        in the morning I'm making more notes on my plan for mating code
        combining my bioinformatics experience with Hacker interests
        checkout and head to the Hilton, Star Trek experience 
        (which earlier I had described as faux geek)
        head north some, searching for food.
        take the tram from Sahara to MGM
        catch the group of casinos in that area
        We're amused, but largely unimpressed.

        walk to the airport.  
        past desert, cactus near a deadly fence
        dozens of cut-up credit cards, failed dreams
        heck of a trek, but we made it.
        crazy early.  killing zombies and time
        we split to go through security (I'm C gate and he's D)

        we're a bit worried our circuits will be considered contraband
        they rescan my bag, a lump in my throat
        what spooked them turned out to be the book
        (to be fair there's a picture of a bomb on the cover)
        my flight is delayed, some people dismayed.  I'm dozing
        guy sitting next to me trying to sync his device
        "If only I could find a geek..."
        "The guy next to you is smiling.  Maybe you should ask him"

Tuesday
        arrive home ~3am
        don't want to go to work today
        it should be a DEF CON play day
        but it turns out alright
        nice to be back in the saddle, programming.  mental guns ablaze


$ cd ..
