Preface
Day 0 - March 3
Day 1 - March 4
Day 2 - March 5
Day 3 - March 6
Day 4 - March 7
Day 5 - March 8
Day 6 - March 9
Day 7 - March 10
Day 8 - March 11
Day 9 - March 12
Day 10 - March 13
Day 11 - March 14
Day 12 - March 15
Epilogue


Preface


For preparation, we watched the movie.
I packed my best shorts, no cutoffs.
Don’t want Winona Ryder to think that I’m a slob.


Bought a pair of sandals.  
I don’t want a sports guy on my feet.
Let’s just say that he’s a sasquatch.


  

Snow Godzilla attacks the arch we built.
  

We’re ready to get out of here.


Today, I look out my window and see the familiar
Warehouses, offices, movie theater in the distance
And today it is covered in snow
Four inches, melting
Tomorrow out my window I will see something different
Something warm


Day 0 - March 3
Set the alarm to wake at 4:30
The guy in the shuttle asks “What airline?”
Don’t look at me.
The email said to check in with US Airlines
But they sent us to American Airlines 
Aren’t they the same thing now?
We’re through security with oodles of time.
I told you, it’d be fine.
Wraps for breakfast.
Is it too early to start drinking?
The girls behind us have Tequila.  They sound fun.
We walk down the aisle to find someone sitting in our seat.
She can hardly speak, can’t effectively move.
So mother ends up across the aisle
With a guy reading the Fountainhead, I’m reading Naked Lunch
He spills water on them.  Apologizes profusely.  
At least it wasn’t the juice.


How do you sleep on a plane?[a]
Put velcro on your head.
In the military Jeff would tie his necktie to the net of cargo planes.
Problem is, too much turbulence, your head comes off.
Yeah, we’ll put that in our next movie.
And a guy, scared of flying, reading a plane book, that later saves the day.


  

Land in Provo.
Door opens, we walk onto the tarmac.  Warmness.
It’s not that large an airport, not that big a plane.
How did we manage to lose our luggage?
We plaintively show our stickers.  
They seem very uninterested.
Where are our bags?
Did you check over here?
Yeah, of course we did.
I approach and ask them again.
The man gestures for me to get back behind the rail.
Talk to the woman at the computer.
What airline did you take?
Oh, your bags should be at the other conveyor belt.
Ah, OK.
 
Taxi ride with a guy from Texas.
If you’re not big into boating, you haven’t heard of his town.
Lobster season ends on the 15th, which means we can eat them the whole time we’re here.
Wayne, the taxi driver can free dive to 85 feet.  He won a contest.
The trick is to take your time and do it on an empty stomach.
Paved road gives way to rock path.
I’m shedding layers:  one, two, three
Suit jacket, button shirt, cotton longsleeves
And now I’m in just a t-shirt.


Where should we eat?
Wayne recommends Fresh Catch
On Tuesday, there’s karaoke at Danny Buoy’s
Oh, we’ll see you there, singing?
Naw ma’am, I only sing in the shower.


There you go, Ports of Call


Bar man swaggers over, with complimentary fruit punch
With rum, as long as you’re over 18
He looks at me, suspiciously.[b]
Yeah, pour me some.
  



  

The lizards ‘round here have tails coming out of weird places.


Head down to the dive shop.
A woman with an Australian accent checks us in.
She informs us we missed the opportunity for the refresher course of which we inquired.
Well, my parents are fine.  They went diving in Florida.  But, will they let me dive?
How long since you last dove?  Uh, 2 years?
How many dives have you been on?  24.
Meh, these dives will be easy, don’t sweat it.
I told you, it’d be fine.


We get from her a second recommendation for the Fresh Catch.
I’ll get a Turk’s Head.  Waiter cards me.  Are you over 18?
Yeah, I’m 33.  Wait, I mean, 34.  What year is it?
“How you stay so young drinking beer?”
“I stay out of the sun”


  
  

The local brew is named after a cactus.
The lager is pleasant enough.


We’re heading out to karaoke, but are waylain by the Manager’s cocktail party.
We’re poured another free rum punch.
After a lovely mess of a trivia quiz
A Canadian sings one Dixie Chicks song and that’s the end of karaoke 


We wander down a dark street, seeking the beach.
After a false start, which deadends into another resort.
A lovely recessed palace.
Walking past and through a restaurant that spills onto the sidewalk.
Ma sneaks by, with a sort of tiptoe, announcing “Don’t look at me!”
We’re at Danny Buoy’s, but karaoke isn’t yet fully operational.
And we’re exhausted.  So we make it an early night.
Day 1 - March 4
A brief power outage during breakfast
Oh, so that’s how it’s going to be?
For her hard boiled egg Mom removes the salt which very clearly says “Do not remove”
I manage to sneak it back as someone approaches with the shaker meant for our table.


Getting a little nervous, preparing for dive 25
Standing around the dive shop, listening to Canadian accents
A short van ride to the marina, North West Point
Putting our shoes in the shoe bucket
Getting on the Provo Conquest
Clouds in the distance, but the sea looks fairly calm.
Dad and I took some dramamine, just in case.
Red-haired Captain Jon at the helm.
He’s got a tattoo of a celtic cross.  
Got it somewhere in Asia.
Thailand, Singapore


  

A ball of happy energy named Ocean gives us the briefing.
Gives a little “Yay” after announcing each location.
“If you want to follow, that’s fine.  If you want to go off on your own that’s fine too”


The Crack (Yay)
Final check, OK.  Giant stride off the back of the boat.  Thumbs down means descend.
Near the beginning of the dive a reef shark is spotted.
Hook in his mouth, trailing a long line.
Fisherman must’ve taken a look at him and freaked out.


  

source


There’s another Dave on the boat.  
He’s been diving since he was 15
Which is a good, long time.


Surface interval on the boat.
Our half of the boat is quiet.
“You guys can talk, you know…”


A splash in the distance, may have been a whale’s breach.


Dive 26, Thunderdome (Yay)
Two fish enter, one fish leaves.
There’s a metal cage from an abandoned game show (Pago Pago)
They forgot to tell the freedivers to exhale, so there were some complications.
No seasickness so far, found a flounder.


I start to acclimate, but still having trouble calming my breathing.
Concentrate on the counts, four out, four in.  
No.  Can’t catch my breath.


It comes time to hang up my wet suit, but I can’t find a hanger with my name on it.
This one says Dave Baer, but that’s the wrong Dave.
Ocean says it’s fine, “he’s no longer with us”
  



We ride back to the marina and they dump our shoes in a pile.
Ride the van back to Ports of Call.
It seems to be mostly old people staying here.
People catching up on their reading.
Bingo is at four.
  

We walk down the beach a bit.
Then head back and hit Jimmy’s dive bar.  Happy hour starts at four.
We are greeted with friendly enthusiasm  “Welcome, mi corazon”
We want to sit outside (but that’s outside her territory, c.f. Genghis Khan)
But how about this nice booth?  You will still get plenty of fresh air.
Can we sit out here, instead?  Is that OK?
Sure, whatever you want.


Our waitress recommends the rum punch with a special sort of happiness.
“Here you go, I put extra rum in it, don’t you worry”


  

Dad gets a Dragon Stout
Which is certainly no Dragon’s Milk.
Light and Malty.


  

Jerk wings and a conch sampler.
Uno, dos, tres plates.


“Another round, my loves?”


And Dad gets a Presidente
“That’s from mi country”
Dominican Republic


  

  

My mother is a bad influence on pirates.


I used sunscreen, for certain, but I seem to have a touch of sunburn on the neck.
It’s quiet back at the hotel.  Bingo must be done.
A pleasant chat with some Canadians in the hot tub.
Then we head across the street to the IGA for some essentials.
A 6-pack of Turk’s Head Lager, a mini rum, and some water.


Day 2 - March 5
Back on the Provo Conquest.
Justin is the captain now.
“Team Bennett, are you ready?”


It’s a 3 Dave Day.
I’m talking to the one that looks like a friendly American Fidel Castro
About the Commodore 64 and other early advances in computing
“Keep an eye on that shirt.  If it goes missing, I don’t know what happened to it”
“I didn’t think I’d meet another geek on a dive boat.  I meant geek as a compliment”
The toilet in his room flooded.  And so what did he do?
He put down a towel, a margarita, and a piña colada, and sent his daughters pictures of his new beach.
What a great attitude.


Dive 27, Magic Mushroom.  (Yay)
Tide goes out, a rock appears.
Tide comes in, it disappears.
Magic!


We wander off a bit from the group.


Dive 28, Driveway.  (Yay)
Another nice wall.
At one point there’s a shark and a ray in view at the same time.


The blond woman from the boat is now leading a dive class at the pool.
We can’t quite place her lovely accent.  Could be French, German, Swedish…
She sounds a bit like Mikaela, a Romanian living in France.


  
I love these happy little door stops.


We’re at Jimmy’s for Happy Hour (it starts at four)
And there’s a table full of people from our boat.
Fish Fry Friday is on Thursday.  Everybody is talking about it.
It’s the Provo Taste of Tazzie   (A popular event stumbled upon surreptitiously, c.f. Australia)
Canadian says “we’ve been there” in a tone that implies he’s not returning.
He does recommends experiencing it once, for the cultural aspects.
But strongly recommends against eating there.
Food from the back of a truck, who knows when it was cooked.


Tonight’s waitress isn’t quite as exuberant, but still implores we return (after the Fish Fry)
For 3 dollar beers all night.
You’ll be here?
No, but I’ll tell them about you.


We take a cab to the fish fry:
“I guarantee you’ll have fun; I don’t guarantee a lot of things.”


  



We ignore the advice and get lobster, cracked and broiled.
Really good stuff.
  

The sun is setting, moon is rising while we eat on the boardwalk.
  



I run into the Canadians from the hot tub.  “Where are your parents?”
They’re over there, dancing.
Mother is the first to be conscripted by ripsaw man to solo in the dance circle.
And then pass the flag along.
video


The MC and DJ Sticky are having a lot of fun.
Brown Eyed Girl, Follow the Leader.
A lot of winding and shaking.
Jason up on stage keeps causing trouble.
Ma buys a souvenir shot glass.  “Made by my own hands”
And now we’re drinking rum out of a coconut.
  
  



  
  

The Junkanoo band arrives, dancing down the middle.  video
That anthropomorphized conch is super happy and dances really well.
One of the dancers hands ma her cowbell when she gets tired of shaking it.
It’s a lot of work.


Exhausted as we are, we manage to close the place down (it’s actually still pretty early)
Take a cab back home.  
“The island has things to do if you know where to go.  Tomorrow” he says “is Danny Buoy’s”


  

Day 3 - March 6
Will it be the orange bus or the blue bus today?
But it’s the mushroom colored dark horse we ride.


Today’s boat is the Provo Crusader.
Justin is the captain again, but a jovial German has replaced Ocean.
Dave did some research and decided that we went past an Italian flag.
My conclusion was Ireland, it all depends on whether we saw red or orange.
  



Dive 29, Coral Stairway.
  

source
The shark is back.  Sea turtle, lobster.
Sea turtle?  Aren’t they pretty common?
No, you must be thinking about regular turtles (c.f. Skeleton Twins)


Dive 30, back on The Crack.


Another barking dog greets us on the dock.
We feed it a leftover sandwich.
  

Rinse the gear off, our room has a veneer of wet.
We’ve taken to drying stuff off on the hammock.


I head back to the IGA to get coke for my rum (and more rum for my rum)
The ATM gave me a hundred dollar bill and two fifties.  I feel like a baller.


Back at Jimmy’s.  You can’t pass up this happy hour.
I have my tin out for a little pick me up.
“What do you have there?”
“It’s caffeine.”
The waitress is not a fan of coffee, but needs energy.
I share some NoDoz, I write it (and Foosh) on her pad 
She’s so excited.  Let me get you another round, on the house.
They are so effective at plying their trade here, they make it hard to leave.
“If you don’t want to finish that you could discretely pour it into someone else’s cup…”
Ma returns with half a tin of Bawls mints to leave as part of the tip.


A woman from the East Coast isn’t quite so impressed with Jimmy’s.  She just wants her Absolut.
Back at the Hotel bar, a guy from Boston scoffs at us: “flyover state”
Seems he forgot to leave his coastal curmudgeonry behind.


We make our way to Danny Buoy’s.
Brandy, our waitress warns us off the Suicide Wings.
We get some hot wings, conch chowder, BBQ ribs, jerkin gherkin.
“Zesty dill pickle stuffed in a crispy flour tortilla with cheese and bacon, drizzled with spicy sauce”
“You had me at tortilla”


It’s the same band that was playing at the Fish Fry.  
Apparently, wherever they go, that’s the place to be.


There’s a lady in red, dirty dancing with a young paramour.
The people at the next table are shocked by the ostentatious display of the May/December romance.
Mother is just curious, speculating on the finer points of the nature of the relationship.


Day 4 - March 7
Travel day, heading to Grand Turk for the next phase of our adventure.
Settling up at the dive shop, we learn the origin of the blond woman’s accent:  Slovenian.


  

  

Super friendly pool man chopped us down some coconuts. 
He says it’s great for a hangover, chop one open, there’s your breakfast.


  

Lunch at Danny Buoy’s.  Another round of jerkin gherkins
Plus some fries with mozzarella and gravy.


The cab driver that takes us to the airport is from Grand Turk.  “Provo is like a city compared to this.”
We promise to drop in for dinner.  He gives us another recommendation for Margaritaville :P


There’s a long line for international flights, but it’s trivial to get through for our domestic flight.
People keep forgetting to close the door, they’re letting the heat in.
A local lady gestures, slams doors, gives stern looks.
“Yeah, you.”  An admonishing British accent.
  



It’s a small plane.  They asked us how much we weigh.  
  

My mother is not a large woman.
Something has gone terribly awry when she can’t quite fit her legs in the allotted space.


  

When we land, the taxi driver has our name on a little sign.
Another lifelong dream fulfilled.


Driving through a rural landscape, things are still messed up from the 2008 hurricanes.
We arrive at Bohio.
Scott mans the front desk.
A laidback, Spicolli surfer dude, skating through life in paradise.  
He’s like the cook from the Australian liveaboard (Gallagher).
Friendly, but looking to do as little actual work as possible.
Our presence seems almost like an awkward imposition.
  

  

Kid carries our bags to our new home, room 15.
He carries out the Strongbow left by the previous occupants.
Here’s a jug, we don’t recommend you drink the water from the tap.
  

“You said something about a free drink…”
This rum punch has some potency.
But the person serving it has a subtle sullenness that leaves me missing Jimmy’s.
  
  

  



We walk up and down the beach a bit.
And then down to the grocery store.
Where we run into a pair of Canadians riding bikes, buying bottles of water.
Ottawa, Quebec, but they don’t speak French.
Dire portents with respect to the health of the reef (“Not as nice as Roatan”)
But we’re still hopeful we can have a good experience here.
We bought some beer and ramen.  Now we’re guaranteed a good time.
  

  



  

“B.O.H.”  
“I.O.”


Ginny, the manager comes by, and is a marked contrast to Scott.
She’s hyperactive, bouncing off the walls, aggressively proactive.


  

Our room number is on a table, marked reserved.  How swankified.
It’s BBQ night.  They have purple carrots.
  

“You can stab a grape; you can’t stab a carrot”
Mom orders the lobster, Dad the steak.  We’ll make our own Surf&Turf.
You want t-bone or the other one?
The other one, the sirloin steak.
You mean, the shrimp steak?
I’m pretty sure that’s not a thing.  
We do mean sirloin, but can’t convince the waiter that’s a word.
Looking closer at the sign, we notice it actually says striploin.


  

  

Feeding the strays.
I thought I heard someone call them Amica and Emma, but that nametag says Amigo.


Is that dancing?
It looks just like walking weird.
I could do that.
And if I can do it, it shouldn’t be considered dancing.
  



Day 5 - March 8
Time change, spring ahead.
The breakfast buffet starts a bit later than 7:30 since the kitchen staff didn’t get the memo.


We gear up for our boat dives.
Roger is our dive master.
He carries a spear for lionfish.
It’s a short boat ride and it’s all Team Bennett.
We’re used to the giant stride, this is our first backflip entry.


  

source
 
Dive 31, Finbar’s Reef
Nurse shark hiding under coral.


Surface interval on land, put in our lunch order.
Conch or chicken?
“Put this [sauce] in your mouth and tell me what it tastes like”
“I’m not very good at that”
“It’s easy, here you can use your other hand to find your mouth and help guide you”
  



Dive 32, Library
Roger puffed out a puffer fish.  That was cool.
Another shark and turtle, barracudas hanging about.


  

The site is across from the library. 
And they say they have coral that looks like stacks of books, but I don’t think I saw anything like that.


  

Tanks, a lot.


  

Budweiser.  Seriously, guys?


  

We wander down through the town.
It’s dead without a cruise ship.
  

  

  
  

  

I really think that this bears further analysis
  

  



  

Drinks at Ike & Donkey.  It’s a pleasant place.


  
[c][d]
For dinner, bologna and cheese.
I eat my ramen.  A roaring success.
We snuck into the food area, took the hot water meant for tea, returned with no casualties.
Day 6 - March 9
Dive 33, McDonalds
A new guy on the boat.  Maury (or is it Moray?), a Canadian.
  
  

At this point, Dad starts bringing along the underwater camera.
It’s an older model, the consensus is that we need to get a Go Pro.
A diver on Provo gave us a quick run-down.  


  

We swim under the eponymous arch.
In the distance we hear whales.
  



Dive 34, Alien Nation
Another new face, Louie, a softspoken east coaster with Weird Al hair.
We’d really like to see a whale on this trip.
But we realize it’s not very likely.
“Roger, how long since someone’s seen a whale?”
“About two months, and that was just from the beach”


Visibility at the start is fairly discouraging, can’t be much more than 50 feet.
But it’s a cool looking reef.
Early on, off the wall, it happens.
Roger starts clanging and pointing at the abyss.
A streak of white is moving, right to left, southbound.
A vague outline, could be a big fish or some wreckage.
But no, it is a humpback whale.  And a second one.
Looks like a mother and a baby.
Serene, silent, huge.
Otherworldly.
Awesome.
  

  

And then the cherry on the top of the dive is the pod of dolphins.


We indulge in drinks at lunch to celebrate.
Piña Colada, Rum & Coke, Turk’s Head Amber.


We get a refill of water from the closet that has water (but please don’t call it the water closet)
And walk along the beach.  Back to town by an alternative route.
Cee’s the big grocery store, has bread, but only mega packs of the cheap ramen.
No alcohol and the orange juice looks like mango, brown and cloudy.
I think they’ll have quesadillas for lunch tomorrow.
“You had me at tortillas”


  

  



The pack of dogs are barking at a figure walking along the beach.
“Why are they barking at him?”
“That guy’s crazy”
A donkey comes along and they bark at that, too.
But they tend to bark languidly, weakly, and while wagging their tails.
  
  

  
  

The donkeys are left over from the salt raking days.  I keep threatening to ride one.
Dad says he’s going to harness them, start a donkey cart business.


“What’s the honky donkey?”
“That’s not what that says...”


  

  

The dogs rule the outside, the cat seems to stick to the dining area.


The parents are chatting with a couple from New Hampshire.
She just became an open water diver, exchange high fives.
“My name is Scott, by the way”  and his wife is Nancy.
He sounds like Ray Romano.


  

I’ve adopted these dogs.  I’ve adopted this lifestyle.  I’m not going back.
  
  

We order dinner.
“Why did they give us so much food?”
“I warned you.  We only needed to order one thing”
“I’m never eating again”


  

I love that drinks are served in these weird banana glasses.


KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
I check the clock.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
It’s a little after midnight.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
What’s going on?
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
Ma has earplugs in (Dad & I snore)
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
I get up to answer the door.
There’s a rather large, intimidating man on the other side.
It’s the security guard.  
He tells me to lock our door.
I promptly comply.
Day 7 - March 10
Dive 35, Amphitheater
Jesse can’t make it in today (hungover?)
So it’s a full boat.
A bit murky, but still a nice dive.
  

Roger, our fearless leader
  

Picked up this little weird lobster thing.


Dive 36, Guanahani
Relaxing, beautiful, colorful.
  

source 
The queen angelfish, beautiful.  I have a pillow that looks like that.
  



We sit on the beach, chatting with divers.
We’re a small group with similar interests, so it’s easy to move beyond vacuous pleasantries.
And into more interesting territory.
Adventures, past and future.
Contrasting Roger and Jesse.
Roger moves slower, is more attentive, points out stuff.
Jesse races and only cares about lionfish.
But Nancy speaks highly of Jesse, and the patience he has for new divers like her.
She seems to have a predilection for describing everything she encounters as the best thing ever.
A very pleasant person to have around.


  

We do some snorkeling today.  
A pretty nice assortment of fish, even though the wall is a bit further than we’d like to kick.


  

Living luxuriously, making the folks at Amanyara jealous.
We have leftover pizza and Gitano 18 (which tastes like night train, described in one forum as “A bum’s wine”)


  

We check out the game room and find a box that combines Mom’s two favorite apps:  Hay Day and puzzles
  

We take another walk down the beach.
Our next door neighbor is a project that looks well and truly abandoned.
But we find someone living in the finished, last section.  
A friend of the developer and a visiting politician.


  
  

3 dogs from the pack have decided to accompany us.


  

We have fat stacks of sand dollars
  

And castles made of conch.


We stop and turn back.  But the dogs keep going.
We left with three dogs.  We can’t come back with fewer than that.
Keep walking, walking, walking.
And now, along they bound.
They look exhausted so we pause and let them catch up.
Day 8 - March 11
Jesse’s back.  
“Isn’t that a song?”
No, you’re thinking of Jesse’s Girl.
Or a mashup of that and My Boyfriend’s Back.


Dive 37, Fishbowl
  

  

  

Dive 38, Austin’s Reef
  

I love these little things, the black durgon.  Against the right background, they look a shadow
With white stripes that make their fins look disconnected.
When they get really close you see their colors.


Ma got her eagle ray.  Yay.
  

Dad spotted an octopus, I only managed to see him after he holed up.
  

Another nurse shark hiding under coral.


  

Cheeseburgers in Paradise for Team Bennett
The lager form of Turk’s Head becomes available.


  

We embark upon the Gibb’s Cay excursion.
The boat ride out is pretty choppy.
The weather is warm, but we keep getting sprayed and coldish.
One girl, Shae, the friend of the daughters of Scott and Nancy, is freaking out.
We stop.  Captain Meat and his first mate dive for our Conch meal.
Scott snorkels as the rest of us warm up.
We spot two dolphins swimming near the boat.
It’s another short hop to the island.
They start to prepare the conch.
  

Hammer a hole to break the suction, rip them out.
Cut off their cute little faces and their ugly intestines.
Feed the scraps to the rays and the other little fish that fight for bits.


  

Some snorkeling, then some rum punch.  You have to help make the cooler lighter.
  

We take a walk over the sandy ridge.
I wear sandals (we were warned, by Canadians)
My parents step on sand burrs (If Dave puts on shoes…)
There’s some lovely large waves on the east side of the island (that’s why we dive the west side)
We eat the conch salad.  (The rubbery tofu of the sea)
And then pick up a few shells which we will attempt to bring home.
More rum punch, and conversations with our boat mates.
Rick and Diane, the couple from New York.
And the pair from Wisconsin.
The ride back is much calmer, with the wind at our back.
Ginny greets us, big smile as always.
And we continue to drink away at our cooler.
Team Bennett must prevail.
“Cooler, 1.  Me, 0”
“We must finish the cooler?  The cooler finished me”


Scott and Nancy, talking about bikes and adventures.
Their daughters, just shy of 18, spent all last night throwing up


Sunset comes, Ginny announces we’ll have a round of green flash shots.
“Won’t you have one with us?” we ask the waitress.
“No, not good for the baby”


  

Meet and greet with Salt Cay Gary, Maury’s pal from Atlanta.
Facilitated by Tom, who looks a bit Irish.
He’s Ginny’s husband, but a much more mellow Canadian.
How about some Flogging Molly covers?
I’ll play music from the 60s and 70s mostly.  Get up and dance.
Nancy manages to pull me out onto the dance floor for a brief twirl.  
  

  

  

Two Bento Boxen at Dinner.
It’s too dark and we’re too far gone to tell what we’re actually eating.
I think that was chicken.  Something similar to teriyaki.


Day 9 - March 12
Last day of diving.
Dive 39, Gorgonian Wall
Dive 40, English Point
Today I freaked out a flounder.
  

Roger fed a lion fish to an eel.
We come back to a shipload of cruise ship people on our beach.


  

Sitting by the pool, watching the strange lizards.


  

What is this weird thing?


It’s the last day for the Canadian woman that looks a bit like Aykroyd/Ramis.
She’s hanging out in the hammock.
Calls Nancy the “groovy granny”


  

  

Today’s ramen doesn’t go nearly as well.  The water we poured from the pitcher was room temperature.
The iron helps but only a little.  Many sads are had while eating it.


  

This is our collection of found treasures.  Spanish doubloons and rare sasquatch money.
Day 10 - March 13
  

Friday the 13th.
Yesterday we requested a golf cart for today, but it rained.
Rain shuts down the island.
And we wait some more.
It still hasn’t arrived.
He’s broke down somewhere, maybe.  Ginny says we’ll find him.
She apologizes.  Usually Omar is reliable.
Tom goes out and looks.
We decide to walk down to town.


  

  

Here, it’s one of them real live Turk’s Head cacti


  

A cruise ship is in.  That means there’s people all about.


  

A visit to the national museum.  The guide is warm and friendly.
“There’s someone who enjoys their work”
My Provo dive shirt helps convince her we’re not from the cruise ship.
She’s been diving here since the 90’s and only seen whales once.
As soon as she heard about the Duho chair at the British Museum
She rushed in to work to check their chair.  But alas, “our chair does not have genitals”
If we make our way to D.C. to the Smithsonian, we are to check that chair for genitals and report back.
And right here, this is the only caravel found. 
Caravel, I know that ship.  It’s the first I can build in Civilization.


  

Umm, OK.  I’d pay more than a penny to know what Jeanne was thinking.


  

We’re told that this is the nicest patio on the island.


  

Ow!  I seem to have something stuck in my eye!


  

  



We walk down to Oasis dive shop and inquire as to Roger’s whereabouts.
We want to tip him and exchange email addresses.
“Oh, so you were the guys on the best dive of all time?”
“You heard about it?”
“Of course!”
What time is it?  He’s just finishing up a dive.
There he is.
He exhorts us to come back.
And I really do want to come back here, but as always, 
There are more places in the world that I want to see than I have time in my life left to see.


Walking down the road, we bump into the couple that was behind us at the museum.  (He’s a diver, she’s not)
They give us a recommendation for Anthony’s Key on Roatan.
And that’s not the first time we’ve heard that.
So, it’s now next on our list.


  



  



  

  

The key to an effective blood-on-the-sand shot is to make sure the straw is not in the shot.
Exhibit A is quite successful in this regard.  Exhibit B, a classic blunder.


  

Back at the bar, for one last rum punch.
Nancy passes the torch on the birder story.
For 600 dollars (I won’t really give you 600 dollars)
But, for 600 dollars, tell me the name of the fictional master spy named after a local ornithologist.
James Bond?
That’s right.  How did you get that?
Where’s my 600 dollars?
He’s a retired professor from Columbia, Missouri.
And what was it that you used to profess?


New Zealand comes up.  And of course Hobbits and Elves follow.
Scott is a nerd that groks all my t-shirts.  Binary, mobius strip.
Nudge, nudge, wink, wink, say no more.
Oh, let’s not start with the Monty Python references.
Do you remember Fireside theater?
He points out the waiter’s name is Pascal
Which launches yet another nerdy conversation.
He programmed Crays for NASA.  And makes a good Frank N. Furter
Scooter proposed to Skippy with a movie preview (before The Imitation Game)


  

Are we eating:
1. Lobster Humidor
2. Lobster Thermometer
3. Lobster Thermidor


  

This dog thinks that he is cat.
Day 11 - March 14
Another travel day.
Settle up our food & drink bill.
It isn’t nearly as bad as we feared it would be.
I keep telling you things are going to be alright.
And so far my record has been impeccable.


  

These are people not happy to be going home today.


  

Don’t worry Bluto, I’ll never leave you.


He sounds like he belongs in the Mos Eisley cantina.
No, he sounds more like Jabba the hut.
A heavy smoker with olive skin.
A beard like a professor.
He sounds like he belongs on Spanish radio.
After exchanging unintelligible pleasantries, Ma learns he’s Italian.


We meet up with the rest of the departing and say our final farewells.
The Canadian couple from the Ramen Grocery Store are there at the airport.
How much do you weigh, they ask me.
Probably a few more pounds than I was on the way over here.
They are having network problems, so the man creates a boarding pass with a stamp.


  

  



  

We land in Provo to find a car took out their power line.
So the US Airways line spills into the street.
A big cheer when fans start moving,
Screens go black and back on.
Power is restored.
The US/American merger has things confused again.  
Ask N different people a question and get N different answers.
We had a three hour layover in a tiny airport and barely made our flight.


“Paging customer Jackson Pollock, please return to the security checkpoint.”


Oh no!  It happened again.  Someone is sitting in our seat.
But at least this one is mobile.
Oh, is this 20?  I’m in 19, my bad.


  

There seems to be a piece of our plane missing.
There’s a delay in take-off, since they don’t have enough plane pushers.
Another delay in arrival, since someone’s in our gate.


Passport control is a cluster of chaos.  
We’re in line for kiosks, then someone hands us a flier for the mobile app.
It’s supposed to make things so much easier.
OK, but now where do we go?
Two people direct us into this line.
I’m critically low on power, find an outlet and juice back up to 7%
Then another person tells us its the wrong line.  
But waves us on ahead, anyways.
A lot of that going on.
We arrive at the desk. 
I explain we have the app, we know this isn’t the right line for it, my battery’s almost dead.
Guy laughs.  “That thing is useless, you can put it away.”
Did you have a nice trip?
Yeah, we saw whales.
We tell the story about the car and the pole, the massive delay at the airport.
“That’s cool.”


So, we had another three hour layover.  But it wasn’t enough time to make the flight back to STL.
The airline hands us a stack of vouchers.  We’re going home tomorrow.


  

Heck yeah, we got to exit from these doors. 


A shuttle takes us to the Clarion Inn.
  

Sure, we’re still looking at fish.  But somehow it seems not quite the same.
Day 12 - March 15
The Ides of March.
Extra time to dilly-dally in Miami.
But not enough to reach a beach.
  

Yeah, she was definitely super loitering on this property. 
  



  

I ordered the Pomegranate Margarita.  So nice, they listed it twice.


Today’s obligatory airport delay comes via a missing gas cap.
Wait, it’s not the actual gas cap.  It’s a panel that covers the gas cap.
Purely aesthetic, mind you, no safety concern at all.  
But we wait an hour for them to get the all-clear.
Epilogue
Back to reality
Like transferring from a cold pool to a hot tub and back
The pool isn't actually any colder, but it sure feels that way


[a]Ask for a window seat and use the pillow and some jacket to lean at the plane's wall
Trust me I've been there many times
[b]Yeah right! You are like 40 already man...
[c]That is not very clean man! ahhahahaha
[d]Well extra salty for sure!
