A month of beasts
An insidious looking bird
A creepy, deadly spider man
The start of an armadillo invasion
  

  

  
  

  





Maifest
  

  

“If you’re wearing a purple shirt you have to finish your drink.”
He’s talking to you, Tales.
Guess I’d better start wearing purple
  

Memorial Day
  

It’s more than likely that our car will be swept away into the river
But in case it isn’t: remember that we parked next to the dead fish
Through olfactory prowess we can get blind drunk and still find the car
  

Ah, so this is how the fish died.
Don’t do drugs, kids.
A bedraggled young man and his female companion approach the Hyatt door man.
“I need beer.  Where do I go?”  “Booze”
It’s 9am.


There is only five to a tram.  We’ll need to take two.
“I want to sit next to Dave.  I want to sit next to Dave.  You can sit in the middle.”
At the last minute Joey nearly has a change of heart.  Wants to ride with his Mother.
But he changes back to his original plan, riding up the arch, only semi-nervous.
At one point he does clutch the young stranger sitting next to him.
The girl group spent the ride singing a song about a pretty kitty.
Still not sure what that elusive last line is.


You almost stepped on that orange egg.
What do you mean, that’s chap stick?  It looks like roll-on deodorant
Well, some people got big lips.
  



  
Waving Angry Robots Drinking Coffee  (dot com)


  

No, robot Geppetto, please don’t hit me.


“I like your purse, Dave.  Where did you get it?”  
“I was afraid we lost Dave, because he has the Pringles in his purse”
Lunch at the Blues Festival
Stopping in the gardenpark so the kids can get sopping wet.  
No, you can’t get a gyro here, that’s the wrong festival.  Get some BBQ
A round of drinks and songs at the Pork Shop
It’s looking sadly under-populated.  The rain has kept the crowds at bay.
To Des Peres for the Greek Festival
We share a table with some strangers.  “You don’t bite, do you?”  “No, I’m nice.”
“Maybe it’s the Ouzo talking, but this gyro is really good”
Put honey on it, we’ll make it desert.
As the folk dancers are now cleaning tables
We pass the time trying to figure out how stoned the bleary-eyed blonde Vasily is.
“Look at him and tell me he’s not...”
The greek coffee is nice and crunchy, but not super-strong.  Tastes like instant.
  

Trying to find a kilt in my size.  The salesman’s confidence gives way to resignation.  
People as thin as me just aren’t meant to wear them.


  

Where am I going to put this harp after I win it?
  

Another great Irish sing-along.  A slight cheat, pulling up lyrics on mobile devices.  All for me grog, indeed.
Red-headed Strangers-no-longer


  

A horse-drawn carriage ride




  

A morning spent at the zoo.  Touching sting rays.
Dad, your shadow has a hunchback and a bucket on his head.


Today is warmer.  I join the kids in the fountains.
Jury Duty
Up six floors in the slowest elevator I’ve ridden in a long time. 
An old man hands me a pamphlet and directs me around the corner.
Sitting in the concrete square cell’d hive, reading.  Moved from Darwin to Mars to Malaria.
Most people sit silent and sullen but there are enough conversations to make the room noisy.
A pack of bros in suits and polos, a few rebels broke the dress code with shorts and tee-shirts.
A David Tennant-looking chap has some kind of metal/punk band on his.
I spy a semi-salacious sentence in large type on the nook of the prudish-looking matron to the left of me:
“I wouldn’t mind getting into her bed, myself” 
A half-hour before lunch they announce that the day’s cases have settled; we’re free to go.
However, the names that I announce must return tomorrow.  
(Don’t say my name, don’t say my name, don’t say my name)
“David Bennett”  
“Here”


9:30am and still nothing has happened.  I’m dozing, pretending I’m at the beach
The room is now quiet, save for the turning of pages from the woman what arrived 45 minutes late (missing nothing).
And then they announce that the day’s cases have settled; we’re free to go.
Gogol Bordello
Prime the pump with La Fin Du Monde with Tales at the iTap


On the way in my brown-haired Skrillex gives me props on my socks
“I wrap all my band gear in mustache duct tape to identify it as mine.”
My brother won a trophy for his, but sadly, I can't grow one
“Me neither; I start to look like Shaggy.  Hey scooby!”


Discussing music with a Professor and his Librarian wife
It’s their first Gogol show.  In for a treat.
“Gypsy Punk... isn’t that redundant?”
Gypsy is a cousin, once removed, I believe
And Hobo is their pure Americana counterpart
Punk history from Sex Pistols through Ska and the evolution of Dubstep


The opening band takes the stage
I take a pit stop and then enter the pit.
I'm riled and now realize I accidentally wore my glasses 
I keep them on during the opening band: good energy, weak execution
But put them in my pocket for the main act.
“Friendly mosh pit... isn’t that an oxymoron?”
“Sure, they’ll knock you down, but they’ll pick you right back up”
“I told my boss that there was a death in the family so I could be here!”
It’s a jubilant celebration, an instant camaraderie.
A wholly pleasant way to end the month.
