John Ray Reynolds (born February 1, 1920)
        He grew up in a small town, Virden, Illinois
        We always got an orange at the bottom of our stockings at Christmas
Part of growing up depression-poor, cherish the little things
        I've seen pictures of him young and handsome, WWII
        Memorabilia he told us he took from Hitler's train
        He did exaggerate stories, but was truly a hero
        Tim’s class assignment captures this beautifully
        Married my Grandmother in 1951
        I remember selling lemonade at a garage sale in his front yard
        And the sign he wrote for us:
        "ice cold lemonade
        made in the shade
        stirred with a spade"
        Nickels in the bank made from little yellow chicken liver tub
        He always had cookies above the fridge in faded Tupperware
        "You're gonna eat me out of house and home" 
        He'd enjoy a big warm glass of buttermilk in the tall glass with Bears helmet
        Visited our kindergarten class dressed as Santa and I didn't know it was him
        The zip cord he built us leading from the old tractor to the orchard
        Hill with pedal powered cars, forts in the woods
        "Don't fall and break a hole in the ground"
        Owls in the back yard he'd stun with lights
        The day he picked me up from school when I got sick 
        And we watched Predator (Predatator, extra emphasis on the Tator)
        Hi Ho Feedle Bum.  Bah Humbug he'd bellow 
        A world class grump, but such a kind and gentle man.  Helpful and happy.
        Cashews remind me of him, his claw
        An infected nail that he would cut with a hacksaw
        It would bleed
        And he would save the clippings.  Planned to make a necklace out of them.
        Asplundh, orange sweatshirts, Hap Hazard, tree climbing boots
        Fischer paper products.  Popcorn bags and hot dogs.
        Bonfires in the backyard, forks on the end of poles
        Concerts of ours he'd attend
        Parades, Realtors giving away free food "You can't beat that price"
        The handyman bond he had with my dad.  Pack rats and power tools
        The fishing bond with Ryan, cub scouts and lakes.  Camping
        Canoeing on the river.  Power strokes
        The squirrel circus in the front yard
        Mixture sandwiches few besides I could appreciate
        He'd put skittles in gorp.
        Borrowing artifacts for school projects.  Antlers
        Pilgrims and indians.  A collection of elaborate hats
        The big bushy eyebrows, a dramatic shock of white hair
        Business card holder with my name in his handwriting
        A wide golden scrawl 
        The cursive pages of questions for me when I returned from my Virginia field trip
        Spending time at the farm of his brother Earl
        Taking pictures of me with a Fat Pig so that he could remember which was which
        Fire trucks in the backyard, we were looking for the sub rumored to be there
        Chasing peacocks.  The time a llama spit on me, I got peed on by a goat.
        Graduation party sitting in a chair with a can of sody catching bees
        Songs like Swanee River, Waltzing Matilda
        And the decline, the hospital.  "I like to eat people"
        The picture I drew with a lake.  A frog and a log
        The nurse thought I misspelled it, 
        But we really did call him Grumpa
        Spanish class, freshman year college
        I remember talking about what happened over the summer
        He died on July 12, 1999
        Hanging up the phone I woke my brothers to give them the sad news
        It took weeks to clean up a lifetime of clutter, clutter peanut butter
        We found cans of used paper towels and other treasures
        Years later, his memory remains.
My mom in tears at the end of Big Fish and Walk the Line 
Because they remind her of him
        A picture of him in the stairwell of my new home
        Aunt Kim comments "now your friends know why you're so weird"
