DEF CON 21
Wednesday, July 31
Thursday, August 1
Friday, August 2
Saturday, August 3
Sunday, August 4
Monday, August 5


DEF CON 21
  

NSFW  This journal contains strong language and adult situations.
Wednesday, July 31
I catch a ride from Tales
Configuring JIRA from my phone
Made Ding the default assignee for new issues.
Through security, charging my phone via the comfy USB chair.
Standing at a corner table at Brew Masters I order a Whale Ale, 6 Row 
A decent selection of local beers, 10 on tap.  
The girl behind the bar confesses “I’m more of a vodka drinker”
A patron asks “Do you have Strong Bow?”  She responds “Apparently not”
A man saddles up to the bar:  “What are your specials?”
“The usual; the same it’s been these 20 years”    
“I’m not from around here.  Just passing through”  Oh, really?  
Buy a beer and shots are 3, 4, or 5 dollars.
Standing at a corner table and a girl stands next to me.
We’re all busying ourselves with our devices.
To avoid talking, to avoid feeling awkward.
But then a table opens up and she invites me to sit with her.
The conversation is short, but pleasant.  
Chapel Hill, NC.  She knows Knox.
It ends curtly.
But then it resumes.
She’s studying audiology.  
Smart and a little awkward, a little afraid, very eager 
Makes a great and equitable conversationalist.
She spent 6 weeks in Greece, not Athens.
I have to go catch a plane now.


Reality hits me so transiently that I’m seldom sure I’m actually in the right place at the right time.
I finally finished Darwin and started Hunger Games.  A little light reading.
Playing Candy Crush with Thrift Shop on repeat.
Sat next to cool guy™ who traded me to a window seat for Amy, whom he already knew.


Landed at 2100 local-time, 2300 home-time
It takes $7.50 and some patience to take the shuttle.  
A van full of nerdy dudes.  “You all goin’ to DEF CON?”  “Yeah…”
The driver sees my duffel bag and says “That all you got?  You travel light, like me”
I think he knows not the half of it; the duration of the trip that I have planned consecutive to this.


In the registration line talking to a student from Detroit and he implies that my town is the scary one.


To the Gold Coast for supplies.
Canadian whisky.  The cheap stuff.
Can’t find Monster.  Everybody wants to be a Rockstar.  The cashier sings thusly.


I’m here, I’m home.
The bar called Shutters is ground zero.
Where I keep returning after wandering the grounds, looking for other interactions.
I fly on the wall as demigods swap stories.
And then there’s a wager and a bra removal.
“Over the clothes?”  
“Absolutely”


The scuttlebutt is that Happy Fun Ball is pregnant “on purpose”
And she shows up and drinks vicariously, describes her situation as “knocked up”


“Is that an e-cigar?”
And the guy that looks like Mr. Bean crossed with a scientist says 
“Cigarettes smell like filet mignon when you’re trying to quit.”


Mutton chops from Colorado smoking a hand-rolled “not-a-Colorado cigarette”
Fist bumpin’ guy that looks like Mike Tyson asks “Where the weed at?”
And Colorado replies “I don’t know.”


Tyson intimates to me “I got your back, as long as you’re cool”
Just go “woop, woop” with your fist raised.  I got your back.


  

Thursday, August 1
The line moves with a ruthless efficiency
“It’s not a paddle; it’s a direction stick”
My new line pals include Tony of Marketing 
And a guy from TN who says “Now I know what cattle feel like”


Breakfast at the Sao Paulo cafe with Claudus and Jelly.
He beat Mike Tyson’s Punch-out.
Discussing huevos rancheros:  
“These are some pretty tasty sore balls”


In the chill-out area I sit next to a crew from Milwaukee.  dc414.
Called me a FIB after I revealed that I was born south of the border.
Ironically, he reminds me of Chris Farley’s super fan character.  Da Bears.
“What’re ya doin?  Takin’ notes?  You know who else does that?  Cops”
“I’m not a cop, man”
“That’s exactly what a cop would say”


What other cons have you been to?  Have you been a speaker?
No, I’m terrible at people.
Then how’d you end up at this table?
The multimeter.
We’re looking for circuits in the badge
Looking for something passive; RFID, antenna.


The tail end of DC101 
Hang out with the smokers even if you don’t smoke.
It’s good advice, conversations start easy there.
And that’s where I learn:  aging wine with coolant:  don’t do it.


Head over to track 2 for Ninjaneering
“The robot apocalypse is not gonna happen by itself; people are gonna have to build our robot overlords”


The con hasn’t begun yet, but I already drenched my program by leaving it in my bag with a leaky bottle.
Licking my program leaves an odd chemical taste in my mouth.
I am not a clever man.


And then it’s Lost on decrypting DEF CON 
The second talk in a row to emphasize the message: Don’t be afraid to fail.


Web App Hacking with Tuna.  Always informative and entertaining.
Hacking malware apps is an interesting moral grey area.
“Raise your hand if you’ve heard of Zambia (I failed Carmen San Diego)”


  



Eating a salad with my titanium spork.
In the contest area Jaku dolphin hand flippered me off.
And then he picks up a tinfoil hat and gets himself interviewed.


To the DEF CON documentary premier, four kegs of free beer over there.
(a bunny for priest) She got her parents (who hate rock) chanting “She got the Jack” while playing cards
Not knowing that it was AC/DC  (that’s using the backdoor)
You go ahead (take the beer)
“No, I need a fuller one”
Miller Lite.  2.0  a textbook example of average, weak American Lager


Let’s kill the lights [The lights get brighter]
That’s the opposite of killing the lights.


  

A small, but dedicated crowd for the goon band.
They play “Where Eagles Dare”
Dudes on couch better watch out on this mosh pit song


Back to Smoker Con, that social hub.
Talking to a guy from So Cal with a cooler full of Leine, now an empty cooler 
Back inside, sitting on the bench with the dudes who need some food
“Remind me to kick your ass when I’m sober”
“When the bus comes tell them to wait for me”


Evil mustache man gave me some beef jerky
Spiced to a five or six out of ten, it burns hot but not long
The man that just downed a ten says “this isn’t so bad”
“Give it a minute”  counting down.  3 2 1.
“Oh dear”  
He’s in tears.
“Ready for an eleven?”


He’s drinking fancy booze from labeled flasks.
“People think I do this to save money; it’s quite the opposite”


The beer-o-cool comes rolling by.
A stout smack opens it up.


Share an elevator ride up with Lost:
“Love the timmy pocket protector.  Love the Don’t Panic reference”
Love being surrounded by people who just get it.


Friday, August 2


I’m wearing my monkey NASA shirt; he’s wearing a plain logo one.
Tells me that my backpack is open
Without making a port vulnerability joke.
Must be early yet.


In the elevator a seemingly normal looking woman wearing no badge makes me smile with
“Is that the monkey from ThinkGeek?  I love that site!”


Sitting with Jeremy
Credo:  “People are meant to be loved; machines are meant to be used (not the other way around)”
The conversation runs the gamut of biology, GMOs, i-dosing, tesla, frequencies, religion, lucid dreaming


In the Jason Scott, Making-of talk I’m eavesdropping on the conversation of the people in front of me
Amusingly arguing about their annual meta-argument.


“And I only ran over one person and it was his fault”  
“Drunk people are funny”


“I’ve seen you around” vendor lady says to me “I swear you’re stalking me.  Do you work for ThinkGeek?”
“No, I’m just a fan.”


I approach the smell of clove cigarettes
And the day’s second conversation on GMOs
With an individual that avoids them based on sources that describe their effect on RNA
And not just a blind fear of science
I bring up corn again and a healthy fear of Monsanto mixed with much optimism.
“How far away we from a cure for cancer?”
The irony of discussing this in the smoker area is not lost on us.


Dan Aykroyd from Hallway Con last year is named Mike.


Get in line for Hacker Pyramid - given that nothing else is going on - why is this room so small?
Sitting next to pink mohawk with a mirror’s edge tattoo.
As the beach ball bounces around.
Out of whisky already - on to Lime Bite and Code Red.
Failure is more funny than correctness.
DFIU?  Nah, go ahead.


I start to roll up the sleeve but then he said he wants to tag my tails 
And I said: “Fuck it.  OK”
  



I’m the only one not in sandals - still just wearing socks.
By now I’ve decided carrying a pair of shoes in my backpack just isn’t necessary.
We’re walking down the street.  Walking on the moon.
Are those like super, bullet proof socks?
No, they’re regular socks.  They’re gonna fall apart before the con ends.
How can you wear a jacket in Vegas in summer?
I only go out at night.  Yes, I am a vampire.
Arrive at the Palms.  Heading towards a hacker’s room
But we’re waylaid by a bachelor party.
Another Dave, he’s from Rose-Hulman.
They insist that we consume beer and burgers.
And we wander back to our original course, guided by heavy beats:
“Does that sound like nerd music?”


I meet the host, who calls me out on the Bud Light in my hand
And mixes me a proper drink:  Gin & Tonic, Twist of Lime.
Texas wears this shirt here because he can’t wear it there:
  

And then we discuss that true daughter of old time
  

A hot tub that goes to life on the edge of Vegas.


Talking again with Luna, stories on video games and romances.
An online quiz for aspergers that isn’t terrible. 
Claudus crashing into a party with “I’m a designer” and only failed to mention he’s not fashion.
He’s only talking about cloth, but apparently “seamstress” is Seattle for prostitute.


Cthulhu guides us back to a room in the Rio.
His brilliance shines through the sheen of ethanol.
Another brief discussion and end up in 13 oh whatever.
Handshakes with wild, fast friends as the DJ keeps the techno beat going.
Every name blends together, what a useless token.
A dark and shady, ultraviolet room with a pole dancer surrounded.
She knows what she’s doing, so different from Harry’s ham-fisted attempts.
“You’re taking copious notes.  What have you observed so far?”
  

This.  Or something like it.


“I’m not a fed”
“That’s exactly what a fed would say”


Saturday, August 3


Wait, what?  That hotel room had a stripper pole?


“We are Spaniards, so we are lazy”  
Using Evil Foca.  Click, click, hacked.
MITM on IPV6 has been demonstrated.  Cheers and Applause.  
“Configure it or kill it and it isn’t easy to kill it”
“Why is the Spanish street fighter half bullfighter, half wolverine?”


The hacker from Zynga in slick mirrored shades references his genitalia an unexpectedly high number of times.
I believe that I’ve counted over five instances in three different idioms.
https is not a panacea, it’s “literally only good for keeping the guy at the coffee shop from sniffing your password”


They roll out the plastic sheet at the DEF CON comedy jam
The waffles make way for Barnaby Flapjacks.
“We need a flapjack trebuchet”
sudo ‘take off your pants’
Cats throwin' up to techno always makes everything better
But Rob, what does gold plating have to do with Fiber Optics?


Srini, the sticker guy sees my HHGG button and goes off on it.
Talking about the ending of the third book, time travel grammar, the text-based game.
He talks quickly, conspiratorially.  I can hardly get a word in.
Real Dennis Hopper, Apocalypse Now type shit.
It’s psy ops.  BBC and the Beatles.  
Music is controlled by the government to control the populace.
And they killed off the rebels that bucked the trend: Kurt Cobain, Philip K. Dick.
It’s obvious he has a lot of knowledge, is skilled at recall, and excels at making connections
But it would take me a shit ton of time to check his premises and inferences
And decide whether or not I agree with his conclusions.


Yeah, I can get away without wearing shoes in this town.
This guy woke this morning to find in his hallway a passed out drunk with pants around ankles.


Outside we’re playing giant Jenga  “Have you seen Big Bang Theory?”
“If a dog humps your leg that’s consent, but Jenga can’t consent”


“Nice spork.  That and the bottle opener and you’re ready for anything”


  



Back at crash & compile.  The ACM-style coding/drinking contest.
Bearded, but baby faced Steve is down to his skivvies.
What did I just walk into?


What was the nature of the altercation?
Philosophy is not the same as science.
Seriously.  Don’t fuck with science in front of this guy.


Share some sips with the crew from Assurance.
The shirt says “If you can read this my beard isn’t long enough”
Is a beard a prerequisite for working here?
Yeah, except for Neil.  He’s the boss so we let it slide.
It’s like Super Troopers:  Hey rookie, grow a beard.
They’ve been trying for hours to organize this off-site trip to this party 
That’s what you get for herding cats.


Hacker Pyramid, Mk II. 
This time it’s in a reasonably sized room.
One row back is opening a cheap bottle of wine
“Would you like to smell the cork?  That’s not a real cork”
I chime in with “It’s not in a box.  That means it’s good”
“Good mindset”


Bruce Potter is a funny force of nature.  Bicycling across the US
“Utah is really pretty.  Kentucky dogs can fuck off.  The state is paved with angry dogs.”
“You guys are awesome.  But also, you suck.”


We have an elastic beer store.  Now that’s cloud computing I can get behind.


Between Mike and I sits Kate, who is here supporting her friend who helps operate Hacker Jeopardy.
She’s a !hacker and it’s her first time in Vegas.  “Who are the guys in the red shirts?”
“What’s a TLD?”
A toast to Turing.
“Dave takes notes about everything.  It’s really creepy”


Okay, the blonde is the current and the dark-haired girl is the first Vinyl Vanna
But who is the guy in the pig-head?
I don’t know.


They tout that old line, that American beer is like sex in a canoe
And I counter with New Holland.  Dragon’s Milk, The Poet


“It’s whisky.  It’s a sports drink.  It’s got electrolytes.  What plants crave.”


I find myself sock-footed and ID’d by the pool
My contraband drink is ensconced in an inner pocket and I’m not frisked.
There’s a decent density of bodies, but the band is not one that I enjoy as much as those from last year.
But there’s Jolly et al on stage dancing skillfully to some insane dubstep.
The music so loud makes it difficult to talk, which is a fatal convenience.
But then, holy smokes, round a corner and once again I’m discussing Biology at DEF CON.  


Sunday, August 4


Do you have the current time?
It’s 1:02
Thank you.


So it’s technically encroaching onto Sunday, the last day of DEF CON.  
Aww…


Elvis ran out of coke.
And cups?
So he poured a pure shot of Bacardi directly into my mouth.
“Is your name really Dave or are you bullshittin’ me?”
“It’s DEF CON, you’re probably bullshittin’ me.”
He made me blow up the fist bump.


[From the comments without context department…]
“I met him online.  Well, I met him and his mother online.”
“I have your card, but who are you?”


And then it’s a shot of SoCo somewhere in the vicinity of an attorney.
“I’d rather defend you than prosecute you”
She has distrust for “* for Charity”
But much love for the EFF


Jess the man from Hacksonville is bold, confident.
Come by the lockpicking village; I’ll show you how it’s done.


And he’s asking me if I have ADHD
Says that my mannerisms suggest it.
And when I reflect upon it, I must admit that I may be compatible with the label.


Now it’s 2:30
And I’m in an elevator alone with Jayson Street
He points at his shirt and I take him up on the offer of “Free awkward hugs”
Rubbing my head “Gotta make it a little awkward…”
And I mumbled something like “You did good work today” re: his hacker pyramid run.


Oh shi… Kate was left in our care, but we lost track of her.


I think that I had only ate once on Saturday, violating the 3 2 1 rule
Three hours of sleep
Two meals
One shower
Minimum.


“If a party is named the Petting Zoo do not bring your kids.
There are not going to be any llamas there.
There will be strippers.”


Sitting through a talk on exploiting Java
Which is rather dry.
But the guy I’m sitting next to has the same laces I had on my penultimate pair of shoes:
One blue and one orange.


It’s noon and so I head to the beard contest.
Red Beard will be handing the reigns to Jack Daniels next year.


“Seven inches is more than I have anywhere but my beard”
Captain Subtlety from the audience shouts: “That was a penis joke!”


This guy is passing out shots in exchange for cheering for his friend.
I probably shouldn’t be drinking more, so I pass on the fruit loop vodka and just accept the red wine.


Problems associated with alcohol-based bribes:
They told him he won first place and he wasn’t even in the top 3.


Resting in the hardware hacking village, collecting my thoughts
Listening to Captain Crunch two rows back discuss his travels.


Catching snippets of the contest’s closing ceremonies
Did he just say participlayted?
Nobody actually entered “pimp my rascal?”


A white dude in dreads in a shirt that says: “I am not Moxie”
Thanks for the clarification.


And then there’s this guy:
What is the mullet called when it’s business in front and rasta in back?


The guy that runs Orlando B-sides let’s me listen to the badge/synthesizer.
A little hardware talk in the chill-out lounge and then I’m back to wandering.


The Powershell talk has a pretty good speaker, 
but it bothers me when he pronounces meme as “me me” rather than “meem”


Evolving Exploits.  This is something I’ve done some investigation on myself.
“May the demo gods be gracious”
“It has a small potential to destroy the operating system; so don’t run it against production environments”


Overheard in the hall near the guy carrying the cardboard sign “Free Hi 5s for undercover feds”
“If I was an undercover fed I wouldn’t tell  you about it now, it kind of defeats the purpose”
I can’t quite tell with what degree of seriousness this statement was made with.


Another elevator conversation:
“I would panic, but that guy’s button told me not to.  Thanks!”
“You always gotta know where your towel is”




  

Monday, August 5


In front of the Penn & Teller theatre, chatting with a Canadian whose friends are MIA
He’s here for a party, a programmer and only coincidentally here at the tail end of Con.
It’s great seeing all these shirts from Think Geek, playing spot the hacker (the beard helps)


I try not to imply that being Canadian is some sort of novelty 
But somehow I seem to be steering the conversation in Canadian directions 
I’m going to Istanbul, I should sew a maple leaf on my backpack 
“You see these guys covered in them head to toe and yeah, they're probably not Canadian.  
We actually don't mind getting mistaken for American most of the time”
We're talking about hijacking cruise ships and GPS vulnerability and Renderman’s name comes up
We’re talking about issues getting through TSA so I tell him about the Über badges 
And then Ne0nra1n from DefCon 15 and heart monitor equals terrorism 
(Don’t apologize for being Canadian.  I have to; I’m Canadian.)
  



He was walking around the building because his GPS mistakenly sent him to Def Con’s inner sanctum 
It’s 40 degree weather and then he switches to farenheit out of consideration for his audience 
I almost feel I should protest, but I don’t have the heart.


Accidently walked through a goon gathering; one audits my notebook’s content
“My bad handwriting is my encryption method”
Meet up with Claudus again, helped peel off the floor stickers.


Talking Appsec with Sara; she’s like a more motherly version of Joy: Evil
How can I talk with my engineers?  Make them understand?
Automate security audits.  Right now it’s ad hoc which means it’s not being done.
Are you press or just journalling?
Just journalling.  It’s gotten to the point that I can’t function without pen and paper.  My new nicotine.
I see someone wearing a shirt that says WRITER and I wonder if he is or if it’s only a Castle reference.


My voice is doing weird things - froggy and hoarse.
The crowd is thinning, a few empty shells left wandering.
A quick chat and thank-you to Flea.


I need something with water, caffeine.
I consider buying something but instead I vulture a Coke from the dearly departing.
Only 34mg caffeine?
  

Doin’ Coke in Vegas.  This is an evidence photo.


An event like this awakens the dreamer.
Maybe if I bust my chops I can go back to playing for a living.
I’m getting burnt out on management.
When I describe to people what I do they tell me it’s cool.
But writing email isn’t cool, grooming JIRA isn’t cool.
The stuff I love used to be what I’d do with 90% of my time.  And now it’s closer to 10%


Afternoon rolls around and now it’s time to depart for Istanbul


Index
