Cancer
02/03/05
        Awakened by demons two nights (at least) in a row
        cursing.  Pain follows me, health failing.
        I've been coughing for months.
        My chest is turning blue.


03/11/05
        Going to Bloomington this weekend to hang with the folks
        To see Ryan for the first time in almost a year
        We finally got the HypnoDragon to work
        The hollow face illusion is super trippy
        Ray Jobbins says I should go to the doctor
        the professional medical opinion of a med student


3/13/05 
        My first Professional hair cut.  
        Lose the long hair.
        Kinda fun.


03/14/05
        This morning I picked up hair gel & donuts. 
        At the office I have a message (from myself)
        I plan on going to the doctor tomorrow.
        But if I stop dying so fast will like taste so sweet?  Well...


03/15/05
        After work I head to the Urgent Care center
        (even though it really doesn't feel urgent)
        There is a shadow on my x-ray
        They hand me a manilla envelope and send me to the emergency room
        I ask if I can stop by my apartment first
        He asks how long I intend to delay
        Oh, maybe an hour or two
        I gots to take care of business
        He permits it with some reluctance
        It's probably not immediately life threatening
        but I really need to do something about it sooner than later


        I was afraid that it was nothing.  
        that they would brush me off and I would continue to cough
        or that it was serious and I didn't want to know
        early signs are pointing towards the latter.


        The emergency room is busy.
        Keep me waiting for a long time.  
        Getting sleepy.


        I step on the scale
        Weighing 112 pounds
        They asked me about a will.
        I don't have one.
        Do I need one?


        David.  I feel.  nervous.
        I just want to go home.
        How should I feel?


        They let me in and lie me down.
        I wait some more.
        Yellow foam, white pillow.
        Reminds me of grade school.
        Visiting the nurse's office.


        Waiting sucks, the suck of boredom
        But I may find I far prefer it to whatever Hell awaits me.
        Pray for me.


        Every so often I think:  "Why am I in a hospital?
        Who am I?  Am I insane?"


        Some psychopath collapsed one of my favorite veins 
        while trying to take blood with a turkey baster.


        I can hear a seizure down the hall.  It is howling.
        over my neck there is a warning:  
        "STAND CLEAR!  THIS DOOR MAY ROLL DOWN AT ANY TIME"


        So now it is that I know what it feels like to have doctors (2 so far) 
        tell you that you may have a large, life-threatening tumor.
        But also: they have no idea what it actually is.
        so far I've been told that it could be:
        my thyroid, fluid, a benign or malignant tumor (lymphoma)
        or something that we've never seen before
        Ah, that's what I'm hoping most for
        an alien to burst from my chest


        I'm not bulging
        So surely this tumor can't be much bigger than a baby
        I'll just think of this as a pregnancy 
        without any increase in responsibility


        I'm not looking forward to talking to my family about this


        Finnegan's wake must be played at my wake  (mosh pit NOT optional)
        whisky (water of life) will be thrown on me 
        I want to be cremated and put in film canisters
        put in jacket pockets and donated to churches, good will, salvation army, &c.


        They want 3 days to review the results
        and balk at doing a biopsy right away
        she'll talk to the doctor and call back tomorrow 
        I'm tentatively scheduled for Monday at 1:20


        After all that time they tell me it's no emergency.  
        I get home a little after 3am
        Catch a few hours sleep before work.


03/16/05
        Re: my new hair
        DJ asked if I had a job interview
        Jing said I look more like a gentleman than a boy
        Tom said I look more like a businessman than a hippy


        They tell me I need to talk to a lung guy. 
        I don't like this waiting room
        There's nothing going on


03/18/05
        I feel remarkably well considering what a nightmare yesterday was
        I'm getting compliments on the new purple jacket.


03/21/05
        CT scan today
        I feel lazy, unable to concentrate (is it a sickness symptom or just nervousness)
        Putting in the IV they splash my blood, the other nurse had to stick me
        I have to pull down my pants because zipper is metal 
        Note:  wear sweat pants to future CT scans
        Taking out the IV more blood splashes
        but it's still not as bad as the ER
        I'm done by 2


        Even though you're not dying
        I want you to take this moment 
        to appreciate the things that you take for granted.
        
        This hospital stuff is more of a pain than the symptoms I had.
        A couple of cough drops and some robotrippin' I could cope
        The Barium tasted kinda citrusy.  
        Pretty good in a "watch your shoes" type of way
        Biopsy tomorrow.


03/22/05
        It's weird seeing code 9 years old that claims to be temporary
        like a septuagenarian talking about what he wants to do when he grows up


        To Lab.  For blood work.
        pricked four times this session
        My head rolls.  I almost faint.
        backup is called in.  
        I'm told my veins are easy to blow out
        other nurses tell me I have very good veins


        I feel pretty great (both despite and because of)
        being told I might die soon
        Death doesn't scare me much
        I've courted him for so long we've become friends
        the moment has a very sense of now,
        has my full attention like nothing else ever has
        I feel like I should be scared, because they expect it
        maybe they are not trying to scare me, just to make it real
        and I don't feel the right emotions
        they seem to think that I'm too happy, nonchalant
        that I must not be aware of what's going on
        A nurse that looks like Cathy Bates 
        smiling and subtly angry at my ignorance
        like she wants to shake my shoulders and say:
        "My god!  Don't you understand the gravity of the situation.
        You stupid boy, you're going to die.  So start crying"
        the word cancer is now stronger than a hint
        obliquely it becomes my diagnosis 
        and not just one possibility among many
        they tell me that I need family, I need support
        but I just want to be alone


        The biopsy is rescheduled because I need someone to drive me home.
        Ah, they're going to give me the good stuff
        Ryan should arrive tonight


03/23/05
        I arrive for my biopsy.
        They tell Ryan it will be boring for him and he can leave.
        So he does.
        Ma calls him and proceedes to chastise him for it.
        She asks the name of the Hospital.
        He says "I dunno, it's Something Jewish"
        "What, like a bagel?"
        (No, it's Barnes Jewish)


        I overhear one doctor telling another
        "I don't think any one told him he probably has cancer"
        and maybe he's right


        This is not a good experience.
        Not painful, but not much fun.
        the the drugs weren't as powerful as I had hoped
        Sure I'm still a little loopy but I could still drive myself home
        they made me wait around in an oncologist's office for over an hour 
        (Ryan had time to finish a game of Risk (on his laptop)).  
        Then they told me to go home and come back the next day.
        I remember Lisa telling me I could leave
        Didn't respond much to her, just said to Ryan "let's go"
        Apparently the drugs did have some effect
        Dazed, somber, face ashen, head lolling.
        She asked if it was okay
        I said yes.
        (I lied)
        
        Sitting in the basement
        Ryan on the phone with Mom 
        he doesn't have many details
        I snatch the phone away
        (drug impaired judgment)
        I drop the word cancer as casually as I can.
        I'm more worried about her than I am about me
        she seems to take it seriously
        Freaks out, heads out the door 
        starts the 6 hour trip to my apartment.
        I feel badly for the inconvenience.
        Then I feel good to have them near.
        
03/24/05
        I have a message waiting (& new post-its on my desk)
        Parcinski's office starts out: "this is a message for David"
        (since my voice mail greeting still says I'm Chad)


        we're waiting a while at Pluard's office.
        a nurse pokes out her head and says:
        "It won't be long for David now"
        we have a good laugh at that
        it's the worst thing you could say


        The doctor explains it like this.  When I was very little.  My testicles, apparently, were in my forehead.  This is, of course, normal and nothing to worry about.  When you are just one cell big, pretty much your entire being is your forehead.


        Anyway, on their way to my groin some rebel faction decided to take a left at my lungs.  This might explain why I've never been much in the balls department.  But that's another story.


        In some inappropriate display of machismo, the testicle in my lung has grown to about the size of a hand grenade.  My new theme song is sung by ACDC: "I've got the biggest balls of them all."  


        We're still waiting for the final results of the biopsy.  Originally, his best guess was Lymphoma.  Now, it's Seminoma type Germ Cell (aka testicular).  


        The doctor says if it was Lymphoma this size I should feel really sick.  Since I feel really good, it seems that it's just a pathetic excuse for cancer.  Whose ass I should be able to readily kick with some chemo.


        They later told me that my veins blow out easy.  For one set of tests they had to poke four times to fill their little vials.  They've been taking blood just about every day this week and I've had two IVs so far.  I've got track marks to make any trainspotter jealous.  My right arm feels like a cat's belly with all them nipples.  


        we're still not certain.
        wait for the biopsy results 
        may take a few days
        
        I am glad my parents are here
        Thanks for the support
        but I want to believe that I'm strong enough not to need it
        
        of all the things that should've given me cough or cancer...
        I've smoked just about anything I could fit in a pipe
        slugs, vicodin, flintstones vitamins, osiris root, wormwood, etc
        of all the things to kill me...  I've lived an unhealthy life
        arbitrary fasts and binges, lack of exercise, etc
        I can't believe the gall of my balls...


03/25/05
        Conveniently, I had previously requested today off.  For Easter.
        I was going to go home.  Lake Villa.
        Instead I have a PET scan.
        They're gonna shoot me up with some radioactive sugar
        and light that sucker up like a Christmas tree.  


        Father drives us to St. Louis 
        navigate the building they call "Big Barnes"
        they make me wear paper pants and lie still for so long


        After the procedure they tell me to drink fluid
        so that I urinate out the radiation
        so we have beer with Imo's pizza


        Results arrive over the weekend.
        It's the "Best case scenario"
        the right cancer and it hasn't spread


03/28/05
        First day of chemo
        two stabs to get the IV in
        hopefully this rig will last at least a few days
        the two people who will be here 6 hours with me:
        Dave to the left, then Matt (non-seminoma about my age)
        They're napping.
        two older gentlemen to my right.
        already starting to feel heavy, headache
        Bleomycin on Tuesdays.  this is going to be a rough ride
        injections of saline give mouth taste of hospital
        some kids came in and gave out cups full of sweets 
        cause he has communion coming up
        Nice, but weird, to be a legitimate target of charity
        (reminding me of the time the lady from the library gave me food
        because she thought I was homeless.  
        I was walking home with my pockets stuffed with DVDs)


        After treatment I go to work for a little while


03/30/05
        A woman is impressed just learning that I'm a software engineer
        I find it odd, since she doesn't know if I'm actually any good at it
        After all, programming ain't brain surgery
        
        A nurse tells me her husband is Cisco certified.
        She enjoys surfing the web.
        I tell her about my father constantly checking the weather.
        she says her husband watches the weather channel
        in a tone which makes it sound like an absurd thing to do
        I admit I don't understand the appeal of it.


        We sit and snooze
        amuse ourselves with minor activities
        Sometimes people come in for a short session
        and then leave us long-timers behind
        but it is a small room and quiet
        across the hall is a noisier room where 
        women sit and chat


        It is a peaceful place
        the head lolls about
        there is nothing to worry about
        no responsibility
        just sit and watch the fluid drip
        6 hours of drip.  drip.  drip.
        It's mostly water
        I gain water weight
        cannot sleep at night
        since I need to urinate very often
        so I am especially sleepy during the day
        it works out.  Watching the drip.
        Soporrific, sweet quiet drip.  drip.  drip.


03/31/05
        I like the lady at the front desk of the Hospital
        she tells me "We have to stop meeting like this"
        wears a cross working at a Jewish hospital


04/01/05
        I don't go to work at all today.
        It's been a long week of chemo.
        There was a Harley party that I didn't attend.
        For the next two weeks I only have treatments on Tuesdays.
        And only for an hour or so.


04/04/05
        At work I called Switzerland today.
        Food is starting to taste like metal to me.
        (They warned me about this.  Said it may kill my appetite.)
        Strangely, this seems to increase my desire to eat.
        I think I might be a robot.


04/05/05
        Grandma Bennett died yesterday.  Of cancer.
        What a period in my life this is.
        I feel so distant from myself, but so connected.
        More appreciative of what I have and nearly immune to strife.


        DJ ribbed me a little, saying my mohawk wasn't extreme enough
        told me to dye it before I cut it


04/06/05
        I ate a lunchable today.  It was pretty good.
        Capri sun tastes like field trip.


04/11/05
        Hair started falling out today
        I pull it out by clumps
        wxw gave me food
        wontons


        Every so often it used to hit me.
        The immensity of it.
        And now it's lost it's impact
        it's only an inconvenience, 
        not a real threat


04/18/05
        Very busy today
        KC & N8 left around 10:30
        My usual room is full
        so we start off in the women's room
        they tell us we look like high school students
        it's the second time I'm told that I'm too young
        get it in on the 3rd try today - not good, but hopefully it will stick
        2 pokes from Dory, the final from Mary (whose hair reminds me of a vector)


        nervous when a nurse says to me
        "Did you have a scan done?
        How do I say this?  He found that you had a ... very ... uh,"
        Relief at the next two words:  "good response"
        my x-ray looks about normal, he says
        wants a CT scan before next Monday


        the one I thought was Lisa is actually named Carrie


        The zombie survival guide my mother gave me could just as well be a guide
        teaching zombies how to survive


        A young boyfriend brought flowers to a girlfriend in treatment.  
        There's an older couple here as well.
        Then I move to the men's ward.
        Looks like Matt is done.
        Good for him.


04/19/05
        A lady here is on her 5th or 6th shot today
        talk about no veins left
        Doyle to the left of me, 
        Says they get it first time, every time
        Even with chemo, they gave him 6 months to live
        He's not much older than I am.
        He's giving up, want to stop treatment.
        But still sounds upbeat, pragmatic, kinda defiant.
        Nurse says "No, don't do that"
        She sounds emotionally sincere, but more distant than compelling.


        Ding shaved his head in solidarity.  Cool.
        Mom should show up today.
        Yesterday was flunk day.
        I skipped work, 
        wish I could have skipped treatment
        (and started drinking at 5am)


04/22/05
        my mother dresses me up like medusa, plastic snakes on my head
        like uncle fester, a lightbulb in my mouth
  

  

        
05/06/05
        Hoped to go home for Mother's day
        but I stayed here and slept instead


05/12/05
        I like to listen to the older gentlemen
        one wants to suck on the alcohol foam
        we're told there are no explicit rules against alcohol, but it's BYOB
        comment about protecting my "young ears"
        "his mother won't let him come in any more"


05/13/05
        Grandma Reynolds is visiting
        A doctor has a birthday, my mom brings party hats
  



05/18/05
        Computer froze 12 times
        replacement is on the way
        it anticipates its destruction


05/20/05
        New machines arrives
        spent the day configuring it


05/24/05
        I take the day off work to celebrate my last treatment
        and I feel quite ill.


05/27/05
        apparently I made quite a stir over at Wash U
        they had radiologists and pulminologists, etc. looking at my charts
        quite impressive, my recovery


05/30/05
        Memorial Day 
        parents brought my bike down.
        Kawasaki Vulcan 750


06/06/05
        Day off: another round of chemo
        on account of too much fluid in my lungs


06/08/05
        Cancer Survivorship & the Power of a Smile
        they comment that I'm wearing shoes
        I usually don't do that
        Here I learn that Dr. Pluard was a CS major
        and meet a guy that owned a Commodore 64


06/17/05
        I threw up the barium
        it was the pleasantest thing I've ever regurgitated.
        Coincidently the CT machine broke just before my turn
        So I have to reschedule anyways


06/21/05
        My real last day of treatment
        Mary says it's time for Margaritaville


06/23/05
        First day to ride motorcycle to work.


07/05/05
        I put in an offer for a home.


07/08/05
        excess fluid (hazy-orange) drained from lungs
        a procedure I could never pronounce
        the most intensely painful part of the ordeal


07/14/05
        becoming more asocial if such a thing is possible
        or maybe just accustomed to it
        think of people less as people and more as input/output vectors
        what do you give? what do you take?        
        I hope such thoughts do not adversely affect my actions
        I am still aware that cordial relations are key to happiness


07/28/05
        Hey, I'm over 127 lbs.  
        Most I've ever weighted


07/29/05
        weird.  There's a ladder in the next cube.
        All I see are feet.


08/01/05
        I miss getting injections
        Since I still have the anticipation of it
        The anticipation with no end.  


        My usual phlebotomist only the penultimate time did she see my tattoo, 
        how I kept it hidden until then I have no idea.  
        And she freaked out so completely.  
        Almost killed by a boa as a child she harbors such hatred for the serpentine.


        This morning was 98 degrees
        Closed on my house today.
        On the way back to the office.
        Clear skies.
        Now hail.  
        I drive into a wall of water.
        Large chunks of ice falling out of the sky.
        
        12:30 I'm awakened by a cop since my neighbor got his door kicked in
        Looking forward to moving out of the Apartment


08/24/05
        Cindy said I looked handsome
        It's neat getting compliments for looking almost like a normal person
        Matt has a beard.


08/31/06
        Thursday
        EKG today. 
        This is your aorta.
        Checking on my heart murmur.
        This is your left ventricle.
        I really enjoyed the user interface of the machine.
        This will be cold.
        Track ball and touch screen.


10/20/07
        by some happy coincidence I realize it's Wednesday now.
        I double then triple check my phone for date. time.
        since the microwave is now no help.
        then pull the bottle from the bag.
        and pour. and drink.
        the barium sulfate residue 
        on the side of the special paper cup 
        from Merry X-Ray Corporation
        (service is our only product)
        is like a snowy spider web of a Rorschach test
        tendril'd and reticulated
        pools and sticks in a curious splatter pattern 
        liquid thick and heavy with a certain citrus twang
        they gave me four cups. 
        I was supposed to get three.
        I wash and reuse one.
        Pack the others away, a growing collection.
        You never known when you might want 16 oz of milk
        or need exactly 300 cc of orange juice, stat.
        
        a bloody awful inconvenience of trips and traffics
        but I'm all smiles when I reach the radiology department
        the most cheery place in the whole bloodletting building
        "we missed you" says the woman behind the desk
        she has some ethnicity. somewhere warm. Hawaii, perhaps
        then Mary Kay signs me in, matronly with a hint of cartoonish joy
        but all serious business when she gets a phone call
        trying to locate a missing patient
        "who takes an ambulance to surgery?" she asks, exasperated.
        I take a seat and wait, reading. Animal Planet on the television
        seems too bright and exposed a setting for such a seedy book
        but all else fades as I dig into it
        jerking my head when a woman with a clipboard says "Dennis"
        "Are you a Dennis, too?" he asks me. I deny and dive back down
        finally it's my turn
        black-haired stranger has come to fetch me
        we navigate the maze to room 4
        the overwhelming whiteness makes the room surreal
        I lie on the CT bed, disembodied. "It's moving sluggish today" she says
        she compliments the skulls on the shoes poking out from under the blanket
        (they cover the corpus when you wear a zipper since you need to lower pants)
        asks me familiar questions. and sometimes a surprising one
        "what are we looking for today? some kind of lump?"
        finds a juicy vein and I warn her they can be deceptive
        "you're not going to look, are you?" as she readies the needle.
        but I like to look. "as long as you don't flinch" she says
        she works the needle a while, it's just a little splashy
        and when I turn my head away it succeeds. push in saline.
        the delicious taste of plastic and then comes the vein warmer
        I hold my breath when the robot tells me to
        and a little while later the ride's over.


1.4cm
10/22/08
        1.4cm
        another CT, a follow-up, a nuisance, nothing more
        the test is Wednesday morning, I forgot my papers
        left them on the table in the kitchen
        it's been four months since I've had anything to do with doctors
        but I remembered to drink my contrast
        and everything goes smoothly
        the next Wednesday is the office visit
        she spooks me as I'm reading Orwell
        Shooting an elephant - gouts of blood
        she takes my vitals.
        "You have the pulse of an athlete - do you work out?"
        and asks about the pieces of computer (RAM) on my back pack
        affable and kind, she makes me smile
        No, I haven't been in pain
        just the usual
        1.4cm
        waiting in the room. door closed. reading, reading.
        the roomness of it is oppressive, the walls feel so near
        I hear one of the staff describing a shelf that holds plates
        and she sounds - not rude, but rigid - serious and severe, urgent
        domestic matters, trifles - but no sense of frivolity, no humor
        and the doctor comes in and asks how I'm doing
        off with my shirt and he tells me
        my scan has a thing that wasn't there before
        and that sentence sours the day's flavor
        get a PET scan as soon as possible
        it isn't big, just 1.4cm
        something about cutting it out with a something-scope
        (putting me to sleep first, but not the endless sleep)
        I'm just sorta stunned and simply put, I'm pissed
        that this might mess up my plans
        and I so seldom make them
        but let's not get ahead of ourselves, he says
        let's get the PET scan and see if there is any activity
        and to avoid bifurcating my Thursday with a 1pm appointment
        I schedule mine for Monday morning.
        No big deal, I figure
        but I'm tired.  I've been tired for days
        and if the sickly feeling don't go away until they knife me
        well, then it will be hard to enjoy this weekend
        the grapefruit that made me cough never made me sick
        if this weary feeling is caused by 1.4cm maybe its more aggressive
        time bomb in my guts and sitting with sleepy eyes
        and I just want to sleep the forever sleep
        it's all I can think about for a while
        and then I concentrate on not thinking about it
        playing ping pong and I smile and I want to awaken
        and do I say anything to co-workers, friends, or family?
        I'll let them know if I need time for the bye-bye blade
        but I can keep it quiet until then
        no point in making a fuss
        not for 1.4cm
        
        little death inside of me
        and I feel like we are friends
        though I can't look him in the eye
        
10/24/08
        and now it's Friday; the third day
        of knowing without knowing
        I haven't spoke of it yet
        smiling and cheerful
        but when nobody is looking
        fret and fidget furtively
        I cough and panic
        change the song
        and dive back into work
        nothing can be done about it
        just detach myself from myself
        and pity the person to whom this happens
        It's 10am, I've only been here three hours but
        this day has already gone on too long, too long
        but then a colleague calls me away from my desk
        some technical discussion with light banter
        and while laughing my joy is genuine
        
        One missed call, from this morning, from my father.
        I call him back and we talk about beds.
        To Grandma-proof the house I need some bed component
        And then I talk with Mother and she sounds depressed
        She doesn't say anything sad, but sounds depressed
        it's almost on the tip of my tongue
        but I don't want to talk about it
        so I don't say anything
        and I don't ask why she sounds forlorn
        
10/25/08  Saturday
        from my meditation
        in the soft vanilla water of the bathtub
        I rise with determination
        I must get out and see the world
        put on Skull Shirt, Skull Socks, Skull Shoes
        and leather jacket to attack the day
        I pause.  tired and disoriented
        afraid.  destination unknown
        
        I end up at the world bird sanctuary
        it's nice to see purveyors of death on such a day
        at a safe distance, through a cage
        I stare into the bird eyes and they look fake
        or is it just that the fake ones look so real
        and am I in the cage or is he
        ah, yes.  it is definitely he.
        I have a far greater range of motion
        therefore he is the one in the cage
        no point in sullying semantics
        not for a lone romantic
        
        and through the building that has snakes
        and the birds that talk
        she looks like Laura Reedy
        handling the kestrel
        and the children
        the kestrel is my favorite bird
        (I don't care much for children)
        
        I sit and read by the pond that burbles
        watching the little birds at the feeder
        and the coi swim
        a little girl climbing on the rocks
        has a pink skull and crossbones on her shirt
        cute.
        
        and then I head to Van Goghz for a gin martini
        An adventure!  I dare boldly declare
        but I get through the door
        and damn, it's just a bar
        filled with bar people
        Behind the counter a typical brawn
        and one more portly with a mohawk
        serving to typical bar people, beer drinkers
        the shapes become people
        the pretty blonde tells a story
        about finding a girl she knows broke down on a scooter
        her future self is named Gwendolyn
        a broken 'fly with sunken eyes
        "I don't mind drinking before 10am"
        she needs to check on her black kittens
        a church group is on the way, I hear.
        my heart sinks
        "Yeah, I guess they're catholic"
        but it's a gay-friendly church, I grin
        their leader has a crush on the bartender
        
        and here I am, still a foreigner, alone
        but the drink sinks in, becomes my skin, my sin
        I am seen, but still solo, reading quietly.  then writing
        and until Gwendolyn asks how is she doing
        I'd forgotten about cancer.
        Tom Petty plays - You don't know how it feels
        and I relax.  melting into the wooden chair, bar stool
        and I remember what my dad said (with a slight slur, I think)
        "I used to hang out in bars.  I had friends there" (paraphrased)
        With the implication that he gave it up for family
        in the tone like Moxy Fruvous singing:
        "Couldn't call it a loss or a win"
        I worry more about inheriting his curse
        than I do about a damnable little intangible like cancer
        
        can't drive like this, stranded.   it's only 18:00
        quick calculation based on drink size, my weight
        wait, how am I calculating?  I'm missing some numbers here
        
        Halloween decorations.  so this is where they end up.
        they talk and I shouldn't be here.
        I'm not meant for this world.
        afraid that I'll do another stupid thing
        my ink flows, but my cerebellum holds shit for words
        funny how that works.
        without this written record, I'd never believe I thought this.
        surrounded by booze and temptation, the thing I thirst for is water
        let me regain my bearings.  water, only.  I have some in the car
        but I sit still.  no more voices in the place.
        "Doin' all right, bro?"
        "Yeah" I answer automatically with medium gusto
        and I see my fat fuzzy digits move mechanically over the soft pages of my book
        reading lines of poetry that hit a target of me that understands less,
        but feels more.
        And I feel that I am without location
        Until I hear a song play that previously I had only heard by Weird Al
        And I notice myself, in leather and despondence.  out of place
        Alone.  Me and the bartender.  My tip and martini glass
        I am unaccustomed with the proper mannerisms of this sort of establishment
        but despite it all I feel good, damn good
        
        two couples walk in, ask for menus
        suddenly I'm the incumbent
        "this is a martini bar"
        he says in a fancy shirt and inside I scoff
        how did this happen? and "where is my mind" starts playing
        I love this song and I'm looking at the art on the wall
        Sheila A Lewis - stuff that looks like starry night
        I wonder what'll happen when the song ends
        the final, fading crow of the cock
        and it slides into emo.  Fall Out Boy, Arms Race.
        The bartender whistles along.  The sun sets.
        I drive myself home to drink scotch
        and to further forget myself
        
10/26/08  Sunday
        played Planescape Torment and watched videos on my computer
        didn't once leave the house.  I'm not sure I said anything.
        not feeling too sick, maybe it's a false alarm
        Typical Sunday
        
        First missed call and I'm intrigued
        It's a Brentwood number, close by
        but I don't know anyone named Seema Patel
        After the second missed call I decide to call back
        "I received a call from this number and I don't know who you are"
        "Is this Dave Bennett?  I didn't leave a message; you must have caller ID"
        OK, this is weird.  A woman calling me at 19:00 on a Sunday
        and she knows my name.
        Oh, it's the technician that is doing my PET scan tomorrow
        No, I'm not diabetic
        remember to hydrate, don't eat
        take medication with a cracker
        (but I'm not on medication)
        find your way to outpatient at 9:30
        then we'll take you to the van in the parking lot
        
10/27/08
        Monday morning
        stop into work
        send some emails
        explaining that I'll be late
        missing a meeting
        ready for a build
        work phone says 6:40am
        the rest of the world is at 7:35am
        I set up stuffed monkey Harold in my stead
        with a post-it on his chest, introducing himself
        I hope he doesn't check in any bugs; he's using my CVS login
        
        I step in and it's somber
        (I shouldn't be this surprised)
        I start to regret wearing another skull shirt (HackADay)
        but the lady at the registration desk laughs
        and says she likes it
        
        I arrived too early
        sitting, waiting
        
        then take the lift into the van/truck/thing
        and they ask me the usual sorts of questions
        starting with my birthday. who sent me here
        No, I'm not diabetic.  No, I didn't eat
        then a few unexpected questions
        like spell seminoma
        how tall I am and how much I weigh
        and how exactly did I get a testicle in my chest
        I gesture with my hands: well, this is how it was told to me...
        
        there's an old man behind the curtain
        makes hardly a sound
        it's sleepy time
        while glucose circulates
        I laugh to see the little lead cylinder around the syringe
        You'll be radioactive for about 6 hours, but you won't glow
        Seema grabs my foot gently in passing
        calls me chipper, then a real trooper
        the man goes to the scanning tube
        a woman cycles into his chair
        "Hello, young... person.  How old are you?  I'm 65"
        "Is this your first PET scan?  Ah, you're an old pro"
        45 minutes of sitting in a chair
        absorbing radioactive sugar
        afraid to move too much
        20 minutes in the tube
        close your eyes
        
        when I arrive Harold has a note from wxw on his head
        he is too cute to punch, but he is not working at all
        very bad.  so the punches are saved for Dave.
        I'm pummeled the first time she sees me
        then later she asks about the bracelet
        and I try to dodge the question
        "Are you alright?"
        "Probably"
        "You better be"
        
        anxiously awaiting a phone call
        feeling great, then feeling bad
        then back to great again
        ignorance is the twist
        17 becomes 18:00
        I'm exhausted
        
10/28/08  Tuesday
        at 15:00 my phone vibrates.  heart races
        text message from someone I don't know
        New York number  "How's the show?!  Esau"
        I wish I knew whether or not I have cancer again.
        
        Parents call, asking for their rock band dongle
        and Mom sounds chipper, she cancels Christmas
        not for everbody, mind you.  just for us
        let's take a trip instead
        
10/29/08  Wednesday
        I don't feel well today
        
        I take a half an hour to mail the package
        and I'm told that the world fell apart in my absence
        "Don't get hit by a bus"
        (Did she just say that her name is Gin, More Shoe?)
        
        Trying to get an answer
        I call the number that showed up when Tracy called
        to remind me of my last appointment
        but a robot answers the phone
        and no choice sounds comforting
        I hang up
        
10/30/08  Thursday
        the person before me got four dollars worth of gas
        and across the street at the Jiffy Lube
        the guy with the sign is quite animated
        hawking an oil change for 19.99
        livid and screaming
        gesturing wildly
        
10/31/08  Friday
        driving to Galebsurg
        into the rising sun
        birds beyond the bridge
        across the Mississippi
        
        back at Knox
        register, sign the wall
        beautiful weather, sitting outside
        waiting for class to begin
        
        it's now warm enough for me to take my shoes off
        and read my book on a bench in front of Old Main
        a woman with a British accent and a guy in a Fedora
        ask me where is seminary street
        "I'm looking for a strong cup of coffee
        and Seminary street is where I can get one, right?"
        it all seems to me quite lovely
        
        During the CS get-together my pocket vibrates
        Voice on the phone says Lumb nodule, Barnes West County
        biopsy to be sure it's not a recurrence
        Pluard calls and says activity, thoracic surgeon, pluck-it-out
        
11/03/08  Monday
        Morning call from the office of Bryan Meyers, Thoracic surgeon
        "How does your tomorrow afternoon look?"
        I'm pretty damn excited to talk to a thorax expert
        The leaves are in full glory as I look out the window
        at red peeking through a mane of yellow
        afire when the sun hits it
        
        I stare at the potato soup
        sitting in my plastic spoon
        I put pepper in it without even tasting it
        colors suspended in bland white
        strange, uneven textures
        the coagulation of cream
        and my friends are in Wisconsin
        or Chicago or Ohio or Scotland
        and I am alone in St. Louis
        with my potato soup
        
        Getting quietly agitated, knowing not to say anything
        I am unprovoked and I'd look like a jerk
        but I'm tired and I want to snap
        finding it hard to concentrate on anything
        I knock out a dialog because it's easy and I don't have to think
        but most of the mindless tasks are too low a priority to justify doing them
        so I stare into space and call it "thinking about Genomic Integration"
        and then I'm interrupted by one person or another
        pretending that the intrusion irritates me
        when actually it saves me
        
        I call my mother when I get home
        and give her the news
        she offers to come down
        but we're old pros at this, I tell her
        and we'll wait and see
        
11/04/08  Tuesday, Election Day
        My appointment moved to 1400
        Doctor is in emergency surgery
        So I meet with the Nurse Practitioner
        Mom calls while I'm waiting
        says she's on the way
        her coworkers made her go
        and they give me a picture of my lung
        talking about surgery options
        and it starts to feel real
        
        lean back and relax, she says with her hand on my shoulder
        you are so tense I believe that you would snap
        if I tried to move you
        
        I show the picture to my coworkers
        "What's that a picture of?"
        "My tumor"
        
11/05/08  Wednesday
        Wake and watch the news with my mother
        Apparently, Obama won.
        
        What are the possible ways to get this out?
        Well, there's a needle they can stick in you
        like your first biopsy - if it's small enough they can get it all out
        and then theres a method where they stick in a video camera
        one where there's a larger incision and the doctor sticks in his finger
        Another possibility is through the inside, something bronchial
        but I don't think we'll go that route
        Ah, screw it - I'm doing it myself
        hand me the swizzle stick
        
        Ma calls, asking for more information
        I haven't heard anything
        I call the thorax office
        looking for an update, an estimate
        Dr. is in surgery, I'm transferred to Denise
        they looked at my films, probably a CT/Biopsy
        Good news, I think - one of the least intrusive options
        Some knock-out juice and needle time and then it is over
        They only do them on Tuesdays and Thursdays ; probably next week
        Not good news for Mother who has obligations back home
        and now I regret having told her too early
        she is stressed and I am agitated
        I eat a fudge brownie and calm down
        I told her not to come, but I'm glad to see her
        she needs to take responsibility for her decision
        
        Denise calls 16:00, tells me the Biopsy/CT is next Thursday 11/13
        10:00 at Big Barnes, Downtown.
        I head home earlyish
        A woman sitting in a white car waves me down
        looking for a jump.  I go upstairs and get Ding
        I find pasta shells waiting for dinner
        And Mother is feeling better now
        Play some Wii fit, I call Ryan
        who is at the Parent's house fixing his jeep
        we discuss Fallout 3 - he agrees with the Sweedes
        it is Obilivion with Guns
        While I'm talking to him Mom calls Dad
        Dad asks Mom to ask Me to ask Ryan if the pizza is done
        and then we have speakerphones and echos in stereo
        
        It's not a bag, not a truck - it's tubes and sponges
        We're checking YouTube to see inside a lung
        My insides are dark and foreign to me
        Here's a pig and here's a sheep
        
11/06/08  Thursday
        Cleaning the kitchen
        on such a beautiful morning
        It's still near 70 and rain starts to fall
        Mom heads home.  Report cards call
        
11/07/08  Friday
        On the socks, skulls and space invaders
        I see one in my coffee cup now
        in the espresso foam
        
        This is like I expect war to be
        characterized by stretches of nothing
        losing men to attrition, disease, desertion
        and only occasionally is there action
        a flare-up from a chance encounter
        grit your teeth and endure it
        come alive
        then the battle ends
        bury your dead and carry on
        losing men to attrition, disease, desertion
        
11/10/08
        They gave me a blue book "Instructions for Chest Surgery Patients"
        I found most of it rather comical; I don't think it is meant for me:
        Alert us if you are taking Abciximab, Aggrastat, Aspirin, Lovenox,
        Vitamin E, Warfarin
          'That sounds more like a game than a medication'
        There are TWO LUNGS in the chest.
          The job of the lungs is to breathe in oxygen for the body to use
        Eating is out!
        Rest and relax the night before surgery.  Ask for a sleeping pill if needed.
        Give all your belongings to your family for safe keeping
        Remove all of the following:  dentures, nail polish, all underwear,
        artificial body parts
        Bring comfortable shoes with non-slip soles to walk in after surgery
        Go to the bathroom before you receive your medicine
        We will place a mark on your body on the side of the surgery.
                   We will ask you to confirm which side will be operated upon.
        Your doctor wants you to use an Incentive Spirometer to help you breathe deeply
                   Concentrate on feeling your chest sink down and in.
        You will have special IV's put in your neck and wrist.
                   They will remain in place for several days after surgery.
        You might wake up with a breathing tube in your mouth.
                   Do not try to talk while the tube is in your mouth.
        You will have nothing to eat or drink after surgery.
                   You will start with liquids when your doctor says you are ready.
        You may not have much of an appetite.
        The patient will be looking more like himself/herself, but will tire easily.
                   You will be taught about going home.
        You need a balance of rest and exercise for recovery.
                   Do not stay in bed.  Get dressed every day.
        Do not lift anything heavier than a gallon of milk until your doctor says you can.
        You can resume sexual relations when you feel comfortable.
                   For many people this is about 2 to 4 weeks after discharge from the hospital.
        Do not use powder for at least one month.
        You may have mood swings and feel depressed.
                   Do not become discouraged.
        
11/11/08  Tuesday
        Denise calls and asks me to arrive at 09:00
        and they need lab work, asks me the last time I had my CBC
        Has it been more than 30 days?  I speculate.  Probably not.
        And they also want PTT.  Where do you want to get that done?
        (Like I know what I'm doing)  You've had them done all over...
        And so we're chatting of labs.  Quest Dx, Barnes Jewish, and Christian NE
        She calls back almost immediately.  Telling me that I'm young
        And not on blood thinners.  So they don't need the PTT
        Lab is just a minor inconvenience, but I feel a deep sense of relief
        Then DJ stops by and tells me that a High School kid is coming in
        and that I will be talking to him in about 30 minutes about testing the software
        Justin asks me which Jing is on the left and which is on the right.
        Tomorrow is an interview with Lina Dong
        Ding and Dong Playing Ping and Pong
        I anagram her into An Old Gin
        (he says it can also be spelled Dung, but is pronounced like Doong)
        
        I stop by the grocery store on the way home
        to get stuff to make chicken curry
        cashier asks me, in a British accent, if I am a musician
        a certain Je ne se quoi with a flourish of the hand
        "It was a compliment, my son plays the cello"
        
11/12/08  Wednesday
        I'm not sure how she got it
        she really shouldn't have my extension
        and I hint that she should call the main number
        since I will be out of town for a few days
        and she wishes me a happy vacation
        
        getting antsy and agitated
        trying not to show that I'm three weeks weary
        I think I felt it kick
        
        Ambulance, six cop cars, police dog
        at the neighbors house as Mother and Aunt Kim arrive
        and we've still no idea what the commotion was about
        the woman pulled out on a stretcher
        minutes later, the man drives away
        The timer goes off and my chicken curry is ready
        
11/13/08  Thursday
        Morning
        driving east on I-44
        we see a billboard for the cyberknife
        I wish I had one of those
        
        it's just a biopsy
        arrive at Big Barnes
        past the fountain, navigate the maze
        everybody asks me my full name and birthday
        go up to radiology and the desk hands me a phone
        "tell them that you want to register for a CT"
        the doctor introduces himself, Dr. Maldonado
        after a few tries the desk lady decides that she can't pronounce it
        "I'll just ask for Ronaldo"
        then they stick in the IV "just in case"
        and I hate having it in my arm, the tape is the worst
        "Do you know why you're here?" the doctor asks
        "1.4cm" I tell him.  I've done this before, I explain 
        there's a chance, small chance that they'll pierce the lung
        and I'll have to stay overnight to re-inflate it
        didn't they call you last night, didn't you bring a change of clothes?
        meh.  if it happens I'll just wear these clothes tomorrow
        the operation just takes a few minutes
        It's mostly getting into position and observation afterwards
        
        up to the fifth floor for the procedure
        I'm awake through the whole thing
        lying on the CT bed
        face down and I hate lying like that
        various doctors introduce themselves as they walk in
        my right arm falls asleep
        robots and doctors talking to me
        take a breath and hold it
        you can breathe
        then drawing on me with the sharpie marker
        you'll feel a scratch then some stinging
        stinging of the local anesthesia
        a wet back
        you'll feel some pressure
        then some pain
        don't be surprised
        take a breath and hold it
        keep holding, keep holding
        don't breathe, don't breathe
        you can breathe gently now
        sounds like there's an amature poking me
        and some older doctors giving him advice
        then someone else takes a stab or two
        scanned intermittently, in and out the tube
        you'll feel a scratch then some stinging
        you'll feel some pressure
        take a breath and hold it
        keep holding, keep holding
        don't breathe, don't breathe
        breathe gently now, gently, gently
        right arm falls off the bed and I have to pick it up with the left
        you did well, he says.  sounds optimistic
        you'll have some blood and ink on your back, but you bathe daily, right?
        he puts on two bandaids
        "it's a small lesion, but I think that we got it"
        "it's a combination of art and luck"
        
        I roll over into a stretcher and I'm carted away
        lying on my back watching the ceiling go by
        I have a glowing finger from the oxygen detector
        and I'm trying to get the high score
        It seems that if I relax I can get it down to 95
        but I don't think I can get it up past 100
        it beeps, regularly.  then a double beat
        then faster.  slower.  skips a beat
        they take an x-ray and I'm free to move about the floor
        Mom and Kim bring me a ham sandwich
        we analyze the vending machine
        waiting for the next x-ray
        
        the x-rays afterwards look good
        no punctured lung, no overnight stay
        We'll get results in two to four business days
        
11/14/08
        We drive to Union Station
        looking for the Megabus stop
        then to the zoo to see the baby tigers
        3 boys, 2 girls - playful and cute
        trying to eat the small birds
        
11/16/08  Sunday
        Getting the last of the solidified creamer out of the container
        so that she can use it for the remnants of brown sugar
        stabbing at it with a butter knife
        chunk, chunk, slice
        finger blood all over
        moments of panic
        nearest hospital?
        we subdue it
        and just head to Walgreens for better bandaging
        she apologizes and apologizes while I tell her not to
        and then I call her a knucklehead
        because it is what she would say to me
        we go for a walk at Queeny park, dogs and horses
        then while vacuuming the spare bedroom it re-opens
        spurting blood, centimeters in the air in time with her pulse
        and so I take her to the Urgent Care center
        where they put on liquid bandage
        and tell her to stop vacuuming
        
11/17/08  Monday
        back at work, 58 emails waiting
        doesn't look like anything is on fire
        I find out that I have an interview this morning
        Games and graphics - my interest is inflated
        deflated when I learn it's all web-stuff
        
11/18/08
        And now it's noon on Tuesday
        I am waiting for the result of my biopsy
        waiting, waiting
        waiting
        
11/19/08
        Wednesday
        waiting
        
        In software you inherit the sins of your fathers
        Fixing bugs forged when I was still in school
        Turn the music up until it hurts a little
        and let it blast away all else
        
        Click Click Boom, The Dirty Glass
        leg moves.  nervous tick or a phone call?
        waiting, waiting
        
        I call the doctor
        Denise answers
        heart flutters, butterflies
        it's not in my patient chart
        she checks the hospital chart
        still no results - what's the holdup?
        she calls the pathologist then calls me back
        the cells are atypical, but we can't confirm the type
        whether malignant or benign, seminoma or something else
        if the results remain inconclusive then they will do a lung biopsy
        
        it's not hope that I cling to, but rather ignorance
        my eyes are dancing around the room
        but nowhere do I see an escape
        not from the enemy inside
        I just want to scream
        that this is petty and I don't have time for this bullshit
        instead I'm just a little snarky and do my best to ignore myself
        and each false smile leaves me a little more flayed
        until it feels like my skin will no longer hold
        
        waiting
        
11/20/08  Thursday
        One thing after another
        Plumbing problems due to roots
        My ingrown toenail is painfully infected
        Passport renewal rejected, bureaucratic bullshit
        Mother locks herself out of her running car trying to deal with this
        She was planning to go home on Wednesday
        Father arrives.  Without a plan, I think.
        Parents start to doze while we watch Pushing Daisies
        
11/21/08  Friday
        I hear stirring, I suppose, that wakes me at one am; sobbing and panic
        something about money, I think.  The walls are thin but I try not to listen
        it takes a glass of water and some soothing music to get me back to sleep
        
        I'm on the phone with a customer for an hour and fifteen minutes
        my punishment for showing up at work early
        he's a nice guy, but a little slow
        Thorax calls my cell while I'm on the phone
        I miss the call
        Make an excuse to transfer the call to a coworker who has since arrived
        The results of the needle biopsy are still inconclusive
        they want to do a lung biopsy
        In the bathroom I take a private moment to break down
        dry sobs
        I just can't take it anymore
        Unable to smile, even a fake smile
        trying to keep my face stony and unreadable
        while inside I have fallen apart
        
        appointment at 13:00
        parents stop by the office, I show them the taco picture
        I finally meet Bryan Meyers, who is less intimidating than I expected
        he speaks frankly and he smiles.  he downplays his role in this
        "humble and surgeons don't usually go together..." he jokes
        there is a possibility that it is granuloma rather than cancer
        (living in the Midwest, spending time outside.  do you camp?)
        Mother asks questions.  I just stand and listen.
        Two options:  cut it out or wait and see
        I have to make the choice
        And both options suck
        
        he describes the procedure, including the part where he sticks the
        video camera then maybe his finger in my lung
        I nearly burst out laughing; ma says she wanted to shout out "swizzle stick!"
        "I would have done it if you had looked at me"
        then a stapler to keep the lung closed
        a button I can push for morphine
        you'll probably go home the next day
        
        or leave it in, get scans every 3 months and watch its size
        if you don't mind having it hang over your head the whole time
        
        I'm given a printout of the pathologist's report:
        "Aspirate smears show rare groups of epithelial cells with moderate
        sized, ovoid nuclei.  the aspirate smear lacks the 'tigroid
        background' often seen in seminoma.  There are scattered multinucleate
        cells.  The presence of giant cells is somewhat confusing; there are
        both foreign body type giant cells with fewer numbers of nuclei, and
        some what more syncytial appearing larger cells with as many as fifty
        nuclei.  Seminoma can induce granulomatous reaction; distinction
        between tumor induced giant cells and infectious giant cells is not
        possible on this limited sample."
        
        and it describes me as "a 27 year old man, status post orchiectomy for
        seminoma, now with new 9mm left lower lobe nodule"
        orchiectomy, huh?  It means they chopped my balls off.  As far as I
        know that hasn't happened yet.  Not physically, at least
        
        A weight is shifted; nothing will happen in the short term
        I can't yet concentrate, but my stress starts to melt
        devel meeting at 14:30 and now I'm doing fine
        
        at 16:00 Pluard calls - let's get a CT on Tuesday and check the size of it
        if it is smaller, it's probably just an infection and nothing to worry about
        if it isn't...
        we aren't going to worry about that until after Thanksgiving
        
11/22/08  Saturday
        parents go home
        the house is quiet again
        
11/24/08  Monday
        In the sixth or seventh hour of the day the sickness starts to kick in
        the kind that comes when the stress has passed
        and the body no longer is in combat mode
        
        Little brother arrives with a toolbox full of toys
        soldering gun, capacitors and a bread board
        I compliment the flames on his Jeep
        
11/25/08  Tuesday
        Morning CT
        I'm reading Modern Statistics for the Life Sciences
        a woman comes in with a walker
        I overhear her birthday
        born in 1921
        
        I'm thinking of getting future scans at West County
        it's closer to my home and work
        but I like Mike the CT Guy in St. Peters
        he reminds me of a dentist that isn't an asshole
        
        Pluard calls 16:38
        he's looked at the CT scan
        the spot is still there - let's pluck it out he says
        it's not urgent - it can wait until after Thanksgiving
        
11/27/08  Thanksgiving
        "Remember when I had a turkey on my head?"
        after banging her head on the freezer door
        food preparation, eating, cleaning
        wii bowling with grandma
        something about tricks and dogs
        requests songs while we play rock band
        she likes the Police - Roxanne until she hears it
        and Jon Bon Jovi because he's been married to the same girl for so long
        I'm writing in Scheme for the programming contest we have going at work
        
12/01/08  Monday
        a presentation from an interviewee
        on an approach to targeting Ovarian cancer
        the ovary is different from the eye
        but not as different as you might think
        they are both immune-privileged organs
        things the body is hesitant to inflame
        it is unpleasant to go through chemotherapy, she says
        decreased quality of life
        and destroyed pancreas and diabetes
        Are you all familiar with a PET scan?
        "Give us some good news!"
        Looking at placentas and PCR
        she got lucky in some bench work
        ICOS is regulated by a single ligand
        specificity is a good thing
        
12/05/08
        Friday, 16:00 Father calls
        on behalf of Mother, it seems
        they are getting anxious for results, for it to be over
        and so I call the thorax office, but Denise has left for the day
        she might call me back this weekend, or maybe not 'til Monday
        it doesn't bother me.  I'm not bothered at all
        Mike and his Family are visiting the Parents for Christmas
        and Dad is trying to plan a happy, stress-free Holiday
        I'm not sure that I'll make it this year
        my sinuses are sore and I think my right lymph node is swollen
        the brain in my head is swimming in a resigned daze
        ready to fade into sleep
        
12/07/08
        15:30 on Monday and I realize that I haven't heard back from Denise yet
        ah well, c'est la vie and c'est la mort  all things come in proper time
        I count the lines in my coffee cup - from leaving it sit on the table
        I touch my face and try to count the lines there
        it is moisturized and relatively smooth
        scar over my left eyebrow
        and spots of stubble left from this morning's hack job with a razor
        I've reached the age where there is no selection bias against the
        expression of genes that kill me
        
        17:00 Denise calls.
        She received my message
        I had prepared my explanation
        but the conversation starts in the middle
        You must be calling because you want an operation
        the thorax people discussed my CT and were all like "Did you order that?"
        "No, man.  I didn't order that - it must have been Pluard"
        Did you talk to your oncologist?
        But what does it all mean?
        So, you'll be wanting this before Christmas?
        Yeah, I guess - if you can do it before then
        Kim the scheduler will call you later
        or maybe I will, says Denise
        
12/11/08  Thursday
        Morning I head downtown for pre-testing
        the lobby, the hospital is beautiful, bright and open
        pleated glass climbs seven stories
        
        Do you have or have you had?
        presently to heart murmur, never to just about everything else
        the last is cancer - I don't know whether to mark past or presently
        and to the question When was your last menstrual period?
        flip over the form to confirm that I marked male
        I assume that it makes the question optional
        
        Sitting at the registration desk
        and they ask me so many questions this time
        who to contact in case of emergency
        "Does your mother have a middle name?"
        my mind goes blank J-J-Jean, I stammer
        it sounds strange to say it, rolling the word in my head
        the woman expresses surprise and concern with regards to Paula Abdul's stalker suicide
        Where is Lake Villa?  And I describe Gurnee and Chicago, Wisconsin
        measure my neck, she said for sleep apnea "I'm not trying to choke you"
        they give me special soap to use, from neck down, not for face or genitals
        they laugh and sass in the hallway
        "You're worse than I am and I like aggravatin' "
        The anesthesiologist comes in next, the liveliest of the group
        (and I expected her to be the most sedate)
        compact and vibrant - she treats me like a person
        when most just treat me like a product
        has me looking up, down, left, right
        then just the eyes, then breathing, etc
        looking at the ECG result from years ago
        "Normal, normal, normal - it couldn't get any better than this!"
        she enters the information into an old reflection client to a session
        what looks like an old-school unix command line app that predates curses
        A quick stick for lab work - magic touch - no digging, but it leaves a bruise
        things that are verboten for a week - aspirin and vitamin E
        means no more Boost for breakfast - I don't know what I'll have instead
        mandarin oranges in jello, I guess - I'm back down to 116lbs
        
12/12/08  Friday
        there are things that you do
        and things that you endure
        the distinction has become fuzzy of late
        eating Gouda cheese while watching Death and the maiden
        I think that it tastes good, but mostly I can't taste
        life comes at me, goes around me
        I just stay out of its way
        the grave will take me just the same
        it doesn't mind that I only pretended to be here
        
12/18/08  Thursday
        Up at 5ish
        to arrive at the hospital around six
        Dad tries an alternative route
        and finds barricade after barricade
        apparently the I64 construction has moved
        so far he's blown one stop sign and one red light
        we tell him to be careful when we spot the squad car
        
        we register and get the pager that looks like a taser
        fill out some paperwork
        they draw some blood and we wait some more
        I read a few lines from Paradise Lost
        I give my mother an account on my Linux laptop
        and put her in the sudoers group so she can access the Internet
        
        they call me up to the pre-op and give me a gown, a lovely little floral thing
        Harold and Kumar are my anesthesiologists, a couple of comedians
        everybody asks me name, birthday, the last time I ate
        I have IVs in both arms, but it's the A-line that really sucks
        they write YES with marker on my left side
        they have scheduled three hours, but they expect it to take an hour and a half
        
        I lose consciousness
        and wake up in the recovery room
        groggy and with additional tubes sticking into me
        oxygen in my nose
        I hear them talking about my blood pressure
        too low, too low.  lost too much blood
        
        parents come by and I only vaguely remember pieces
        the first thing that my mother says to me is "you look terrible"
        "we have five minutes" (we're from the future)
        the good news is that you don't have cancer
        the bad news is that my lung had scar tissue sticking it to the ribs
        complicating the procedure - they had to scrape it off
        bleeders and gushers - the doctor has never seen so many
        had to make a large incision
        I was in there for three hours
        and they didn't have time to look at more lymph nodes
        I'm leaking air - the bubbles in the blue fluid
        and when I take breath I drain a reddish orange substance
        but everything is looking up
        
        I'm moved to the observation area for the night
        PCA is on my pole - a button I push for pain control
        an incentive spirometer to suck on - do it ten times an hour
        
        around midnight I seem to stop draining
        I hear more bubbles and I'm short of breath
        I can't get to my high score on the spirometer anymore
        a shot of benedryl into my vein tube and I'm feeling dreamy
        they give me an X-Ray and tell me that everything looks fine
        
12/19/08
        they give me two liquid meals in a row
        despite the doctor asking that I receive solids
        I don't mind.  the solid food here sucks anyway
        
        a physical therapist comes to make me walk - across the room and back
        do you want to wear your pain ball like a purse or a necklace?
        her primary concern seems to be with the visibility of my "tush"
        "I'll tie the back of the gown so that no one can see your tush"
        "I'm not looking at your tush" as she sets me back into my chair
        
        they move me to a room - my roommate is Jesus and he complains of diarrhea
        my parents bring me Jesus bandaids - and a pirate monkey of my own
        nurse hands me a urinal to piss in, but it's not easy
        they are threatening to put the catheter back in
        but I succeed with half an hour to spare
        
        I push the button - please take a look at my bandage, I 'm leaking
        Steve comes and explains that it's okay
        square peg and round hole
        it's not even from a tube hole, it's from the pain ball, local anesthesia
        and then he talks about food
        eat a little bit of everything, get outside food if you want it
        he had McDonalds after his surgery
        
12/20/08
        Saturday morning they move me to a new room
        one with a delightful view of Forest Park
        an elderly gay couple are checking out
        and when they do I am alone
        I'm feeling much better now
        I can detach the vacuum line and get up and walk
        watching the helicopter come and go
        In the afternoon my roommate is Mr. Smith
        he is a nice enough fellow and has a creepy clown balloon
        pirate monkey hangs from my pole
        with the water and the pain control
        my parents bring me pants
  

        Barbara is a darling - a big, black mama - full of savvy and sass
        she gets them to consolidate my IVs
        and supervises as they take the front tube out
        
12/21/08  Sunday
        the back tube comes out, walking is easier now
        Mother is miffed that she didn't get a picture of its removal
        it's over there in the biohazard waste bin, if you want it
        I reached the third column, over 1050 somethings of fluid


  
        
        Julie the Jamaican nurse rolls me out
        she chides me for living alone
        and gives me a hug at the end of the ride
        
12/22/08  Monday
        I arrive at work around noon
        ~1630 the 6.4 meeting ends; I drop a percocet
        OK, I'm not probably not going to code anything
        but this should make the 1800 meeting interesting
        
        Just before the meeting starts Jenny makes me go home
        You should be resting - Am I the only one that cares about you?
        
        Dad has been waiting on the couch
        he comments on how quiet the office is
        We eat at Applebees then shop at some stores
        Futile.  Fuckit.
        This year I give gift cards and just a little more
        
12/23/08
        On Tuesday Dad drives me north
        It's green until we hit Springfield
        where we see the first skirts of snow
        by Bloomington it's downright inhospitable
        we listen to PKD - Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
        Dad works himself into serious anger at the other drivers
        swearing, speeding, swerving.  he drives well, but copes poorly
        
        lying in the dark my hands are moving
        in the borderland between reality and unreality
        I have the feeling that my hands aren't installed correctly
        maybe these aren't even the right hands
        but these are the only hands I have
        crossing and uncrossing my arms and what utility is it?
        why am I doing this?
        
12/24/08  Wednesday
        my first bowel movement since the operation
        I can stop nervously counting the days since my last
        
        a dream of my role in a junta, a regime change
        we are the opposite, he says
        pointing at a chart
        but the situation isn't so simple
        the negative of a picture changes everything while changing nothing
        
        I'm left home to nap while the rest go out for sledding
        I take pictures of snow and ice
        later, it starts to melt
        then it refreezes
        
12/28/08
        Ryan gives me a ride home
        Dorian Grey is lovely but Oscar Wilde fails to hold my interest
        Bears Discover Fire is surprisingly good - we get a few chuckles
        I play some EyeHateGod - screamcore and then we discuss it
        It's better when it's fast - you can dance to it - anger and catharsis
        the battery light goes on, but we make it home
        he isn't so lucky on the return trip
        Dad has to replace his alternator
        
        and time has moved - hurt and history - all in a haze
        sweating with the trench on, goose bumps with it off
        I'm waiting for reality to return, to find its strength
        
12/29/08  Monday
        today I make an early egress, 13:00
        I tell my coworkers that I may return after a nap
        at home I lay in bed and listen to another section of Slaughterhouse Five
        I'm really enjoying this audiobook
        I've adopted Ethan Hawke as the voice in my head
        
        and then I make the appointment for my follow-up
        the whole thing seems really neat
        the way the phone talks to me
        "I won't hang up until you are in the computer"
        and the directions for the x-ray
        enter the side door, it's the most popular door
        much more popular than the front door
        elevators and Gs, it's on the ground floor, you see
        "oh no!  am I confusing you?
        just come up and see us if you get lost"
        
        one of my wounds has become infected
        I am surprised to find my freezer de-iced
        and then I remember Dad telling me that he did it
        one day when I left him here alone
        or maybe he was with Mother
        and that the only thing he found in there was a nearly empty bottle of vodka
        which was really Gin, I tell him
        and today I pop another percocet and finish the gin
        I nurse my wound with hydrogen peroxide, neosporin and a bandaid
        
12/30/08  Tuesday
        I remember to take my garbage out
        Is it more than 10 pounds?
        I'm not supposed to lift more than 10 pounds, I think
        well, it's mostly dragging and the recyclables roll, anyway
        
        It's past 1700 and I'm still working
        I guess that means I'm getting better
        or just that I've found more interesting projects
        I play ping pong today.  still sore, about to bust a seam
        
12/31/08  Wednesday
        above my head there are four pieces of scotch tape
        holding in the black metal air blockers for the vents
        we're running an experiment
        the other vent has no tape and we're comparing the number of fatalities
        so far, there is no measurable difference between the two
        
        on New Year's Eve I'm asleep at 22:00
        so it goes
        
01/02/09  Friday
        today's follow-up starts with an x-ray
        and I have to wear a gown because my shirt has buttons
        I had four layers on.
        
        then I head upstairs
        I look over some papers on a clipboard, hand them back
        I'm down to 115.9 pounds
        oxygen at 95, then she changes the 5 to a 6
        
        Denise takes my blood pressure then takes a look at the incision
        I warn her that it got a little infected
        says it all looks good, good
        asks if I've been leaking
        then cuts off the stiches
        some people start oozing if they sneeze too hard
        I ask her if I should put neosporin on it
        she says no.  keep it dry
        don't use a bandaid, but you can use gauze
        
        she asks when I plan to return to work
        and I tell her that I've already been back
        she offers to provide me with excuses to skip work
        I laugh and thank her and decline her offer
        they let me take all the time I need
        and I'm feeling much better now
        
        sitting on the couch
        grinning all the while
        with a chemically induced smile
        
        weaning myself off the pills
        to save some for a rainy day
        but it seems to rain every day
        drinking beer, reading Bukowski
        
01/07/09  Wednesday
        I run my finger up and down my side
        here is the hole with swirls and snags
        and here is the ridge
        that starts low with a valley, a tender scar
        then the flat and flaky part that is the peeling glue
        then the top is puffy and painful, oozing


        


$ cd ..
