Pre-CON
Wednesday, August 7
Thursday, August 8
Friday, August 9
Saturday, August 10
Sunday, August 11
Monday, August 12


    Pre-CON


Breaking in my new shoes
Preparing for the miles I'm going to put on them
Binging MBMBAM, an advice show for the modern era
It's raining again.  Ongoing flood warnings.
The solar powered elf stops dancing
Now you know things are bleak
  

  



I don't know how much is projection or spurious speculation
But I love the contrast
Between the song Unplug
And seeing int 80 at DEF CON
Where he has mad social skills
He looks me in the eye and greets with recognition
The real world feels like being a goldfish in a plastic bag
Trapped, gawked at
Suffocating
Alone
And at the conference you're in open water
Yeah, you're subject to some predators
At least you can swim in a school


Joe Grand is doing the badge again this year
So I pack my first, from DEF CON 14
Still blinking after all these years
  



Ryan picks up Kyle on his way out to LA for a punk show
Start DEF CON off right: fresh batch of bruises and a possible fracture in his leg
  



Wednesday, August 7


Double checking that I have the essentials packed
wallet, phone, notebook
clothes, camera, kindle
leave my RFID work key at home
buttons for giving away
caffeine and dinosaur sponges (DC22)
  



Wiry woman on the shuttle complains about a layover in Chicago
She’s wearing blue (but not Blues)
“I hate the Black Hawks”
I smile and nod.
Yes, sports.


TSA pulls my bag aside
Yeah, I know what this is gonna be about
“You’re fine, you just got tortilla shells?”


I pass a pub and at my gate the HMS bar is open and doing business (bud man & corona girl sitting at the counter)
I know airport rules apply, but it’s gonna be a long enough day without starting drinking at 8am


Sitting on a bench, keeping my phone charged
Facing two older gentlemen, one looks like Dustin Hoffman and the other Michael Caine
And there’s some guy walking around that’s far too skinny to be rocking that black bushy mustache
100 pounds dripping wet, you go pencil thin or shave it clean


Reading Asimov on the plane, starting the Foundation series


Take the shuttle to Paris, start the checkin process on my phone
Guy behind me asks - “Are you going to DEF CON?”
Conversation ensues.  Typical introvert nerd conversation
He’s Scott.  
I’m Dave.  
Trading questions, rinse and repeat
Staccato exposition, awkward silence.
Has my phone ever been hacked at DEF CON?
Probably, but not to such an extent that I’ve been aware of it.
Snooped, for sure, but we’re not juicy targets.
Just avoid any obvious honey pots and you should be fine.
Some people bring a burner phone, but I don’t think I know anyone actually that paranoid.
My brother would bring a flip phone, but that was just his regular real phone.
And now he’s pole vaulted into modernity.  Smart watch and everything (disconnected for the duration of the event)


Pass through Planet Hollywood, find the mezzanine
Buy some Bombay and Tonic.  The street smells like weed


Walk into Paris and I see Joe at a gaming table, say hi on my way to hotel registration
“I’ll see you around” [but then I don’t]


Making use of agency, to let my freak flag fly, I put on my DC14 badge
Guy in elevator:  “I guess there’s no doubt what you’re here for…”
It’s a good ice breaker.  And at the end of the conversation I have to unbreak the ice
“Death comes to us all”


It’s pretty crowded in the con area for a Wednesday
Looking for familiar faces or accessible strangers
“Do you know if Vendome is this way?”
I open the map on the Hacker Tracker


“So, that’s it - that’s the badge
you should have him sign it.  
I mean, you’re never getting rid of it, right?”


Pacing, observing
The space is too big, my legs are gonna give out.
Someone asks me where to get the ticket / badge 
It’s this way, but they don’t open ‘til tomorrow 
He spent 5 hours in line one year.  
Occasionally he signs to the guy standing next to him
So I throw down the sign for ‘sign’ and he gets enthused
I’m pretty out of practice and he exhorts me:  “Practice!”
So glad to see he seems to recognize my words for mother, teacher, IL
He’s from San Diego, his companion from Uganda


Kiosk man asks me:  “What convention is this?”
“DEF CON…”
“Oh, so all the hackers…  Ooooh, I ‘d better…”  [pantomimes phone panic]
“You’ll be fine...”


It’s raining at home.  
I head to the goddamned desert 
And it rains on me here
  



@sbarro in the food court It’s no secret pizza, but it’s closer
I’m on my phone and the woman in front of me says
“Don’t be hackin’ me”  She’s cool, we all have a good laugh
Her companion is wearing a t-shirt from the rise of the machines
I’m like OMG, people want to talk to me
But really it’s that they’re just like me
And revel in a chance to talk nerdy 
Without any fear of judgement


  

I want to know the artists’ own impression of this piece
If it’s anything other than - “fuuuck it, they’ll buy that”
Then I have additional questions


Entranced by blinking lights, I bought an enterprise badge
  



1640  Finally connected with Ryan
In LA he saw the non-DC Flea
Hair like Dennis Rodman
Chad hates George
Days N Daze
Bands that come and go
As members move through phases in their life
This sounds familiar
Then I later realize I already have Misanthropic Drunken Loner in my playlist
It’s one of the songs I picked up when Lee sent me down a rabbit hole starting with Dandelion Junk Queens
I Love You Like an Alcoholic
Mischief Brew
Johnny Hobo
Compare and contrast
Judge Dread Up with the Cock (via homeless Vikings)
With Bridge City Sinners Pussy Cat


Walked:  9.45 miles
Thursday, August 8
We head down for registration at 7:00
I took a beach ball to the face
Hand over three 100 dollar bills
By 7:20 we have badges in hand
Holy shit, that was efficient.
We got a linecon add-on from hatchan
“You got a special one…”
  



Take a corner, plug in a battery
It makes a special tone
And lights up
The badge is small, but heavy
Delightfully mysterious


  

  

Master badge counterfeiter 
“You little shit…”  
  



More people are asking us where registration is
We head over to Planet Hollywood, nothing is open yet, so we’ve just got hackers milling about


Tired, tired, sore, headache, whatever
But I’m feeling good, mellow, safe, at home
This guy’s got a different color stone on his badge 
A wanderer takes note of this and sets off a pairing party
Appears to be a lone furry wandering the hall
The line for Paris theater is a shit show
The venue capacity is over 1000
The line capacity is, like, 12
And then it spills into the casino
[We never end up in there]


Grab a lunch at Subway
Head to the room, but it’s being cleaned
Ryan’s number neighbor, wants 100 on red
But everybody knows you always bet on black


Goon says:  “There’s nothing back here
Nothing is open.  If you’re looking for fun, look elsewhere”


1451:  I think she just said:  “And so, Joe Sparks is alive”
[But You are dead]


Walk back to Planet Hollywood for hallway chillin’
Saw a guy walk by with a black badge from DC14
Someone in the hallway back and forth whistling the Colonel Bogey March
Maybe he’s evoking The Bridge on the River Kwai, but I just hear Jawas
Feels like we’re waiting for Godot
“I’m not waiting for any dough, good or otherwise”


Red Box games walks by, handing out fliers.  And me without my modem
  
  

How about a nice game of chess?


  

Where’s Jonas?  We got Pamplemousse and Tito’s


Watching DC 101 on TV
They’re telling the story of “the naked guy in the voting machine village”
Oh, waow, that was a real thing that actually happened. We got in trouble for that, kinda
Turns out, he wasn’t with us, he just wanted his ribs
“We just did the same thing with her”


Which is the best party?  Obviously, it’s the pool on the roof.
We head down to the noob party.  A long line for free beer.


In Planet Hollywood, another kiosk guy encounter
“What is that convention?”
“DEF CON…”
“Yeah, what’s that?”
“A hacking convention”
He turns his screen around to protect his data
But he seems interested.  I think we got a new convert.
“Is that legal…”
“Most of what we do is legal…”
“Are there any Feds around?”
“Certainly”


  

~1800 I’ve picked up some free street drugs that I’m definitely going to ingest
No idea what it is.  I mean, it’s certainly not aspirin, could be anything
  



“Is yours glowing already?
Oh no that’s just the other badge”


“You wanna bump stones?  Have we bumped badges already?”
“Not this year…”
“I’m teal”
“Tio?”
“No, teal, like the color…”
We exchange swag, sponges, stickers
Please don’t swallow the sponge
[he’s going to, for sure]
  

Is my eye red?
Well, not your 3rd one…


And here I have two blank pages.  Not intentional.
At the corner of Paris and Las Vegas there’s a guy hanging out with his snake out
Collecting money for photo ops with the boa around his neck
At 1930 we’ve found Kyle at Planet Hollywood
Jump into his Grand Marquis for Thai food
Ryan gets his spicy 10/10
Kyle and I go for 5/10
He’s studying math, brushing up on trig
Works at a bank still or again, this time, though, it’s for the weed industry
Sounds interesting.  Duffle bags of cash and meetings with business owners young and high


  

It’s tradition for Kevin to distribute these
> 1 kilo of Individually wrapped for your protection


2122  Back at Planet Hollywood
“Can I tap?”
“There we go”
Ryan is researching the badge’s components
LED controller, an antenna, etc


Another random elevator conversation:
“You’re not here with a bowling tourney, are you?”
“No…”
“Volleyball?”
“No.  Computer security...”


Inspired by a random t-shirt:  “The worst decisions make the best stories”
We put Kyle in charge for a while.
End up in a chillout room.
We got Kyle through to an inner zone without a badge
If only Tommy D were here, he’d be all about bumpin’ badges…
We got EDM and bubbles.  Kyle sez:  “I was expecting bass there”
  

Kyle’s got the right idea - question errything
Maybe that’s not a real security guard


Guy on the street singles me out - “You.  Hey, you!”
“Wha?”
“You wanna go to a strip club? (He thought he was in trouble…)”
  

Collected nearly concurrently on one of my many crossings from Paris to Planet Hollywood.  


2323:  Jaku spotted.  Almost missed finding him this year.
It just wouldn’t be the same…


Walked:  15.15 miles
Friday, August 9
  

It seems that the more Pad Thai I eat the more I have left…
I’ll be eating Pad Tacos the rest of my life


Met someone named StarPebble
And we chat about badges and plans
More badge bumping and then I run into Scott from the shuttle 
And we resume conversation


I head to track 1.  No line and I get a good seat.
Assuming I’ll be waiting an hour
I’m surprised to find there’s a 9 o’clock talk
We’ve never had one this early
And it starts on time


Goatse sticker on the seat in front of me
Faded, scratched, doesn’t look like it was from this year
“I can be a jerk and dump the room or you can scoot over and make some dead spots for people waiting in line”
“What do you call a cow with no legs?”


The interbadge communication mechanism is NFMI - near field magnetic induction 
They’ll communicate at about a foot, but since they Tx and Rx at random intervals, people end up touching (and rubbing) badges
The electronics were going to be embedded but “Gems are rocks and they are, like, hard”
Logistics are hard, but Joe Grand pulled it off again
“Why do you want gems?”
Not really sure yet…   Something about lasers
Hand-cut Quartz Crystal from Brazil
Some are dyed
“I don’t apologize any more”  (HW guy re his SW)
“Earth is sort of beautiful, if you get rid of the humans”
My neighbor works for DARPA, she tries finding her coworker who is in the room and texting her, 
But there’s too many bald white guys to choose from
She gives me a “Don’t click on sh*t” sticker and tells me re Joe Grand:  “He’s funny”


After the talk the hallway is highly congested, but we keep moving
“Do not take pictures of the crowd, they have not consented”


Bump back into Ryan, walking back over to Planet Hollywood
Guy working at the Eiffel tower:  “Can I ask you a question…”
I’m a bit nervous, but I’ll try to answer
“Are you guys messing around with stuff?”
Umm, well…  I can’t speak for the whole CON.  There are some hijinks, but on the whole we’re good
Apparently, some of the guests are mad at us, but he’s been talking us up:  “These are the guys you want here”
He’s got into some mischief himself.  “That’s why they don’t let me work the front desk anymore”


  



I still have Pad Thai in the room, but I can’t resist a burrito
As per my shirt, the quintessence of Dave Doing Dave Things
  



Head over to the contest area and wait for BCCC
gmcfosho, I’m da bes


1223 beer arrives
During the building phase we apply chemistry and engineering
To enter all you need to do is provide some aluminum, they have the rest
Isopropyl and dry ice
The music selection is on point
Roadhouse, Red Solo Cup, Day Drinking
CON is spammed by “Spam is not your friend” stickers
Ryan gets the first free beer then affixes the vessel to his lanyard
You’re witnessing the origin story of Solo Cup Con
  



Quick chat with another guy wearing the DC14 badge
On the escalator we meet Jake, a Canadian, and lead him to Paris, track 2 for the cDc talk
After the talk Jake pursues some food and we head back to the room to rest.
Chill for a while, watching talks on TV.  d4rkm4tter then a senator


Head out for hacker jeopardy
“Yay notepad, fuck windows”
Nun sez:  “Black badge, motha fucka, where’s yours?”
“Do any of you degenerates have a large sharpie?”
Beach balls are flyin’ but the ceiling is far too low
“Look up, you see those fire suppression things?”
We got a tile down and throw balls in the hole
  



  

Trump baby balloon


Fixing the board on the fly  “I love Agile development”
Plurals is hard (There’s more than one watch dog)
What is ring 0?
What is ring 0?  It’s still wrong
What is ring 0?  Sure, now it’s right
What is OJFS?
Telnet is on port 21, 22, 25.  Sure and we’ll run FTP on port 80


0x90 question for the NOP sled answer
Yeah, I know nothing


Our balls got confiscated by order of building security


2124  checking out music in track 1
Loud but sparse
  



  

Completely normal horse racing


Trying to keep a bead on the usual members of the Guerrilla dance party
According to my calculations it should be starting soon
In full David Attenborough mode.
Now, observe, as he...
Oh no, we lost him
Head back to Planet Hollywood
Someone is handing out Cheeseburgers
  

  

  

Strong smell of weed here
Back to track 1 to catch MC Frontalot’s set
Try the Bally’s bar for one more chance of…
“I’m feeling pretty faded”  Call it a night


Walked: 10.49 miles (without leaving campus at all)
Saturday, August 10
  



  



Looks like they’ve run out of electronic badges.

Walk through the vendors - one round should be enough
I like the look of that t-shirt, it has DNA on it, but I have too many like it already - nihil novi…


1022 Walking from Villages and I spot Jayson Street
I smile and get a distinct nod in response
[I got my awkward hug from him back in 2013]
Still struck by how congenial the superstars in this community can be


Goon making badge jokes
“I’d like to see your badgers”
“Thanks for showing me your stones”
“Best cure for a hangover is that sound” (rubber chicken moaning)
“Thank you for the compliment on my cock”


We make our way to the Flamingo
Red hair, red shirt working the door
“Wanna scan a ginger badge?”  


  

The lock bypass village is in a different building, a subtle difference from lock picking village
Head up to AI village etc and run into the DC 14 badge guy again


1544  A knock on the door and we got our inspection
The guy seemed nice enough, just doing his job
“(Damn, Mandalay Bay)”
This is the view from our room:
  

Maybe they could take that into account and exempt us


1618  Homebrew hardware contest
Zoz, InfoSec Barbie, and El Kontaro on the panel
A hat that is also a car


  





  

Head back into the circle chill out area
Empty again, a chill goon says “You guys aren’t supposed to be here”
Random wedding bro asks us where the bathrooms are
IDK, but we’re like five feet from the info booth


  

Black badge raffle, just like last year, I’m sure this is a totally legit thing


Catch up with Claudus and get some Illuminati party invites
He heads off for food, we’re waiting for Hacker Jeopardy
We’ll catch up at the arcade party afterwards
Another badge bump from Teal


  

“Broken mics, no beach balls, this place sucks”
Pikachu and a banana are sitting in front of me
Acronym category, K8S.  “But, seriously, what is kubernetes...”
Turns out we were sitting next to the wherewolves, last night’s winners
“We’re werewolves, not swearwolves”


  



Church of WiFi wins with a Final Jeopardy bet of $0


2155 He’s hanging out in the hallway, talking with Zoz
I got Joe Grand to sign my DC14 badge.  Joy!
  



We head up to the Illuminati party.  The mountain at the door is congenial, but doesn’t seem to want to let us in.
“Are you ready to be initiated?”
“Is that a real question?”
“Is that a real answer?”
(Guy waiting at the door asks us what party this is)
Claudus is in there.


We converse with an Australian pentester in the arcade party
Quick hallway hello to Joe and Leslie


  

“Kevin” hands out his business cards
And I’m his brother, Dave
So that makes me Dave Thomas


“Jesus Christ, that’s a lot of mints”


“Can I take a picture of your banana?”
“Yeah”
  



  

We’ve wandered into Peppercon 4
“Let’s go over there (or they get pissed)”
Away from the bar we take a shot of Ghost Pepper Vodka
Ryan then does some powder and a full pepper, probably he picked a Carolina Reaper
Really earned his SAO
  



  
  

Gotta keep an eye on those guys:  Discord




  

More like Poor Impulse Control, amirite?  #snowcrash


Walked:  10.58 miles
Sunday, August 11


We head upstairs 
I gave a Don’t Panic pin to a guy with a Mostly Harmless t-shirt


315 - ?
408 - See Ya in tha room


I fell asleep with shoes off and phone on the charger
With Ryan’s help we’ve managed to finish the Pad Thai


  

Time to eat some secret pizza
In front of Walgreens after secret pizza
“Can y’all put a bunch of zeroes in my bank account?  I know y’all can do it”


Noon and contest area is closing
Sounds like a black badge raffle was promised at this time
Rick Astley plays


At closing ceremonies
Reading reviews for the taco place we’re going to
21 reviews reference that it shares a building with a strip club
Some view it as a positive, some as a negative


“Fuck it, we’ll do it live”
Re: slides, “This is a dumpster fire”
Dino sumo wrestling is not an official contest… yet.


  



Looking at the attendance numbers on wikipedia 
When I first started showing up there were ~ 8,000 attendees and now there are ~ 30,000
Next year at the Caesar’s forum, it’s still being built.  Hopefully returning to a single venue will cut down on the walking
No elevators, no escalators, no pillars.
But where will all the stickers go?
  

Life, uh, finds a way


  



  

Drinking 20 boxes of Franzia


  

Aldebaran?  Aldebaran?  I’m not going to Aldebaran


  

If this was Pad Thai, I’d have four by now


Ryan found ten dollars 
Tempted to throw it on black
But he just walks away with his winnings


Walked:  11.04 miles






  

Monday, August 12


9:10  Driving to the airport
Ryan plays the perfect song for the occasion
Days n Daze Post Party Depression


I love the way that astcell summarizes it:
Defcon 27 is over but do you know the rest of the story
“Hackers have the biggest hearts you’ll ever know”


My bag is pulled aside again, of course
Ronaldo seems interested.  
Oh, tortillas!
I explain how hard it is to find them on the strip
They remind me it’s a lot easier to find something else to wrap
“Those aren’t even the good tortillas”
I’ll bring corn next time


I finished the first of the Foundation series and start On the Road by Keruoac
I’m in Des Moines when I read the line:  “The prettiest girls in the world live in Des Moines”
