Trailhead Brewing Company
Labor Day, a beautiful day for a bike ride
  

I count 8 locks on the fence in front of the bench.
I should bring my picks next time.
Reading Carl Sagan - The Demon-Haunted World


  



Another side-trip to Louis H. Bangert Wildlife Area
Out of the sun and around a wooded area
Dodging trees. I feel like I'm back on the forest moon of Endor.
Took a spill on a tight corner.  And got exhausted in sand.


After a long, hot ride I stop for a drink at Trailhead.
Try the Blonde Ale. 
It does a fair job of washing away the trail dust, lowing my core temperature.
Strong citrus flavor to it.  I feel like I'm biting orange rinds.  3.5


  

I do like the decor in here.
The bartender is nice enough, but the people.  They like the cardinals, they like TV.


  

 I'm fascinated by this salting machinery.  Its unnecessary moving parts.
The watersponge is in the section labeled "salt"
The woman next to me orders a Bloody Mary.  Salt?  Yes.
I get to see it in action.
"There ya go, kiddo"
Her muscle tattoo is flowers or strawberries or...
Well, they look most like turnips, but that's probably not right.
Her companion orders a red.  He has a slight twang.
It's reminiscent of one he had in South Carolina.
"Could be the same recipe"
Now they're talking about tennis.
And a Navy boy thought he was all that, got out on a medical discharge.
An Admiral's wife ran over him.
The lights dim and now this looks more like a bar.


Did Sagan really call it Beavis and Bullhead or was that just a kindle transfer error?
I'm happy either way.


I order an old courthouse stout
The pouring of it is beautiful to watch
The foam forms, transforms
Barman spills, repours.


Darkly roasted indeed.  Burnt.  Could use a bit more cream
But still it speaks to me.  It's a stout I enjoy.  4.0


And at less than 4 dollars each, they feel like quite the bargain.


  

Wandering through my old stomping grounds.  Historic St. Charles.


I find a flat tire on my bike.
Geez.  Another?
I fix it and ride home.
