The time has come at last for PhreakNIC to return to form
The drive down wasn’t a ton of fun.  So many dead deer, blood trails made me scared, sad
And apparently Nashville traffic on 24 always sucks
But I arrive ~2000 and things feel familiar.
Big hug from Elonka in the lobby.  Haven’t seen her in ages.  She heads out as I’m checking in.
  

Room 118, probably best room assignment I’ve had in this hotel yet
It’s right at the mezzanine hot spot.  
But the mezzanine area is suspiciously barren
Do a little pacing, exchange some furtive head nods with familiar faces, but there’s nowhere to sit and set up shop.
Chill in my room for a bit.  
  

Verify that I can clone my room key with the flipper zero


Roaches in the bathroom.  That’s not great, but I can laugh it off.  A nice room isn’t what I came here for.
Despite some evidence of renewal (wet paint signs) this place seems to be fighting a losing war against entropy
But ain’t we all


Breakfast is in the bar
The woman policing it has a feisty drawl
Demanding room numbers and someone stole this guy’s slot
He can still eat, mind you, but be aware “I’ll underline it”
I assume this will go on his permanent record
And you, you’re not allowed to sit at the bar.  “Did you hear me?”


Overhear NotLarry talking about ChatGPT.  He doesn’t give it much credence.  Yeah, I’m in the right place.
Chat with Kamikazee Joe.  My St. Louis compatriot that I somehow never find in St. Louis.  Always another state.
At DEF CON this year I didn’t find him until the airport for our shared flight out.  Of course at PhreakNIC it’s harder to hide.
He’s giving a talk today, still tweaking his slides.  Classic.  Move fast, break stuff.
How’s the coffee?
I’ve had worse
Head out to be first in line for registration.
Unfortunately, the sheet of names is not in alphabetical order
So attendee retrieval is O(N) instead of O(log(N)) as it should be.  Thanks eventbrite.
And then we print our own name labels and laminate our badges on the fly
For a big-ass conference this would be a logistical nightmare
But, no worries, this just proves our DIY ethos
I recognize so many faces, but match them with so few names
Opening ceremonies, starting to get a critical mass of miscreants.  
I love that this little, scrappy conference attracts some heavy hitters
[By ‘last year’ I mean ‘last PhreakNIC’  4 years, pre-covid, a lifetime ago]
But apparently not so long ago that we’ve reset our reputation with the hotel
We’ve been kicked out of the mezzanine FRFR for pre-emptive noise complaints
But Ben’s gonna negotiate us some tables, some chairs, at least during daylight hours
And we can all acknowledge this ain’t exactly the most glamorous venue 
But hell, we’re a smol shoestring nonprofit in an expensive world 
And I’ll take some skeevyness to keep this family together
Next year we just need to sell out the venue 
So they will give us free reign over it
I’ve got good memories there


First talk is on creating your own windows ISOs.  Poiupoiu aka Steve
I send my brother a snapshot of the Buc-ee’s sticker on the speaker’s laptop.
  



Interesting talk on circuit python from Tyler Crumpton
I was hoping to get into micro python based on the DC30 badge, but that hasn’t happened 
But this sounds even more compelling, so fingers-crossed soon I’ll pick it up.  Nearly REPL-like iterations
“You can use vim because it’s better than emacs”  (I agree, but he’s JKJK, uses visual-whatever)
This dials accessibility up to 11 “You accidentally did embedded programming”
He built a hotdog midi synthesizer during the pandemic, pics to prove it
(But did he eat the hotdogs afterwards?  No. No, he did not)
He should.  For Science.


Electroplating with Tain.
Literal bugs.  Some cool shit.  
With relatively mild warning labels.
Acid.  Poison.  But don’t worry about it.
OK, sometimes I am a fan of that ‘safety third’ mentality
But I think I’ll pass.  Stick to software.


  
  

Got one of the last glow-in-the-dark ones                                Replenish my eye stock a bit


Ben & Jon talking about some local infrastructure, business ventures
“What is a data center?”  These slides aren’t meant for you.


Headed to Joe’s talk
Did other Joe say “Whiskey?”  That’s the name of my brother’s cat
But this talk is Whisker Watch.  Chat GPT came up with that name
“Who’s ready to see some cat pictures!?”
N.B. Edison was named after an Intel MicroChip, not Thomas
Check out “Home Assistant” 


Winn’s Talk on his Metaonia
Projector issues.  No signal.  WTF M8
Brain’s main job is predict the future to survive
Conscious vs unconscious.  Who’s in charge?  
We don’t like AI because we built it as a model of ourselves
I make a note that I need to take a step back to critically reevaluate his puffery 
And coincidentally his next slide is on the cognitive immune system, aka not getting swept up in such fun
I mean, Winn is one of the leading factors in why I’d never miss a DEF CON Hacker Jeopardy
He’s got an explosive showman charisma, backed by a fierce intellect
And everything’s a spectrum, rather than ‘swallow my dogma’


Now thinking about the massive degree to which I change and try to reflect the person I’m talking to 
But there are speakers that are kaiju kiki, throwing sentences  around like lightning bolts
And I still feel like a soft little bouba
OK, yeah, you’ve energized me
But I’m not a pikachu


quiet my mind, turn off my internal monologue for a while
then find myself speaking, surprised by what I say
it went from the depths of my subconscious brain to my mouth motor neurons unfiltered, unrehearsed
usually before I speak I second guess myself so many times, the moment has passed before I actually say anything 
and I just stay silent


I exchange some more words with Elonka, who’s going through some changes
(But we never really got a chance to catch up proper)
Wasn’t until it she pointed it out to me that I noticed NotLarry lost a leg
He’s wearing an elegant skirt and a shirt what reads “I ain’t dead yet, motherfuckers”  
(And later he slags off the “fuckin’ bipeds”)


  

Brimstone gives a presentation on how to talk like a pirate
It can’t be recorded because of some controversial discussion of Linux ISOs
Items 6-9 were not correctly labeled.  And item 10 was on the screen from the start.  
I’m skeptical as to whether such buffoonery was unintentional, but honestly, I don’t care.  I love it regardless.


How nice, Telco bob made it.  He’s fun people.  An impish scamp.


  

Sitting at the table with the southern version of Lee Mack
Tinkering with a tank.  Pull off the compass, put on a gyro.  
Trying to drive it like the turtle from logo.  Sounds like math.


In the morning the Huntsville crowd is evaluating various permutations of [Drug][Animal]
Run the full gamut from Ayahuasca Alligator to Cocaine Bear to Crack Coon to Meth Monkey to Zoloft Zebra
Red shirt sticks out his hand:  “Have we met yet?”  
Discuss genomics.
I’m about to ask questions about this guy’s pipeline
But now it’s time to head to 0ddball’s talk on 3D printed guns
Ben explains that things didn’t wind down ‘til 3am so we expect them to be sleeping in, 
“If you take legal advice from some guy named oddball, yeah, tell the judge that…”
Prison is bad and “Don’t set off grenades that are in your hand”
Eventually a decent-sized crowd does actually show up
Print Shoot Repeat has a song about the Glong
The glock that is also a bong.  
Because.  Of course.
  



operat0r’s Jamboree
Seems like a pretty neat tool
Mr. McCurdy is one of those remarkable polymaths
Creates a sandbox for Android emulation and traffic inspection
Simplifies a traditionally fiddly workflow
Must be a bitch to maintain
github


Buy some tea from the gas station across the street
cashier says “I know where you’re from - you’re with that ‘legalize hacking’ conference”
Someone tried telling her “Oh, we don’t really call it that”
“Well, I don’t really like what you wanna call it”
I’m not even wearing my badge
But I do have a “Hacker Inside” pin


Sitting on a bench outside 
A couple walking by in sports apparel
He asks “Excuse me, what kind of event are they having in there?”
I respond “It’s a hacker conference, computer security, technology, that kind of stuff”
And to my delight she exclaims “Very cool!”


J Church (not that one) on wireshark
How do you list files in Linux?
Yeah, that’s right: dir
What’s another way?  ls
Does anyone know what sl does?
It’s a steam locomotive
Brimstone: “Why are you steering!?”
“It was such a wonderful time” back before HTTPS became ubiquitous
So our examples are by necessity a little contrived.  I mean, we’re looking at telnet traffic
And nginx.org is listed among top sites available unencypted
Apparently an unfortunate side effect of being Russian
But Teal is quick to defend their virtue.  
The tool itself certainly supports it.
We use it as a reverse proxy to ensure encryption
And I later verify their site is also secure by default
  



Meade Kincke saunters onto stage to the tune of ‘sharp-dressed man’
Is that his genuine accent or an affectation?  I mean, it all seems a bit much.
But his talk is wildly entertaining.  Clips of Black Books and Hackers.  He’s won me over.
He’s actually got some substance with his style.
Like having control over DNS is vital.
“What’s in that box?”
“It’s not my box.  (Of course it’s his box, it’s garish and pink)”
“My pedigree is everyone you’d want to drink with.”
Germany.  And Bordeaux.  He slips into some French
And speaking of accents…
Guy sitting in the row behind me has a bit of a drawl
He’s from southern Illinois, I grew up in the north part of the state
He mentions Fox Lake and grunt fest.
Me:  “My brothers are both marines”
Him:  “I’m sorry…”
He wants to move back out west.  Million dollar views, drinking beer, eating steak
Ranger said “I thought you said you were homeless”
“Well, yeah, but I’m not broke”


Elonka begins her talk on codes
“You guys are my peeps”


[I worked in actual annealing around the same time I was learning about its simulation]


NonInfringing game show, aka hacker jeopardy
The teams start off with the highest value questions
Board has impressive production value, but they’re chiding Ben for typos and lack of challenge
The whole thing devolves rather quickly into everyone always immediately spamming their buzzer
Assuming everyone will know every answer
But some of them are actually hard
Ben, incredulous: “How do my kids know what APT is?”


“Is this the one with the cake that makes you cum?”
“What!?  I don’t know this guy…”
“Is that layer cake?”
“Lay ‘er…”


Moving on to lightning talks
Dickie’s got buc’ees pyjama bottoms and a beaver shirt  (“Actually, it’s pronounced bussys”)
Who put this guy in charge?  (“Your time starts when you open your gob”)
Power has gone to his head  (“Your time starts when you supplex this guy”)
“No heckling!  Not even me”
  



Teal sounds to me like Truman Capote on drugs.  He’s remarkably entertaining and somehow erudite.
[I think I first met him at DEF CON 27]
Tyler demonstrates JLCPCB.  
Demo gods being unkind to Joe “If it’s Linux, reboot it with video plugged in”
“If it’s Linux, rebuild the kernel”
With markup Joe and Bob can collab on talks on github


Back to the tank on the table
Good progress is demonstrated
But it goes beserk with the Right 90 directive
It doesn’t like to be right.  It is “definitely not a lady”


Discussing craft beers with Austin.  Exploring unusual flavors.
I’m not a fan of sours, but I really do want to give this one a try
  



  

Leslie has an animated LED mask.  The builtins are insanely cool
And then she snaps Austin.  Me.  Ben The Meek.
  
  

(Austin’s eyebrow/eyehole alignment is impeccable)
  



I hand Ben a DaveCon 2.1 badge.
Really hope to see him at the next one.


Sit at the table with Huntsville (and their diaspora)
Reminiscing on classic web comics.  Book recommendations:  Legacy of Heorot and Blindsight
We already talked about my work.  What do you do?  
Gotta remember that what you do is more than just what you do for work.
And so we’re solving the world’s problems.  Things actually get a bit sentimental.
We’re moving to New Zealand next.  It’s like Australia with fewer things trying to kill you
We’ve all got a lot of driving in the morning, so things are winding down now.


Index
