Good Friday.
I put on my Good Friday shirt but only after work 
And go out to eat at Bandana’s BBQ with the folks.
It’s my first foursquare checkin
And then zombie road catches our eye.
But research reveals it’s in a different location.  
We head back home and pour out the Jelly Belly flops.
“Haunted chicken zombies”
“Have an Abita, Anita”
  

We’ve only accounted for about half of the official flavors 
And none of the truly interesting ones like pencil shavings or skunk spray.
This one tastes like Dr. Pepper or Raspberry if I think about it.
It could even be chocolate pudding.  It’s the same color.
But this bean here is definitely a chocolate pudding and that, my friend, is no chocolate pudding.


And then Steve arrives and informs me that we’re leaving tomorrow morning.
Not on Sunday like I had thought.


Saturday
We’re up before six and the roads are foggy.
How foggy?  Well, Steve drove right past Einstein’s bagel.
We sit at the main big table and get the evil eye from old people we’ve displaced.


A helpful man at the gate explains the new system
There is no card to keep track of.
Grumpy Santa is our driver
He seems to hate his lot in life.
“What airline” he quietly mumbles to the windshield
And is irked the woman didn’t respond.
  

I am certain that Steve is the first and only person I’ve ever seen use these seat belts.


On the plane I’m sitting three rows behind Steve, but his voice carries.
My neighbors are quiet.  I’m reading Darwin, listening to my iPod.
Land in Houston and I get to take off my jacket.
Pick up the rental car and head to the Zoo.
Circling around for ages looking for a parking spot.
And then we give up and head to food.  
Nippon Japanese Restaurant.


And where we’re parked we’re within walking distance of the Zoo
  

Steve buys some Dippin’ dots right away.  And here he’s feeding the ice cream of the future to a pretty, soft plant.


  
Texas.  (Actually Africa)
  
This bird seems perpetually freaked out.
  

He can only play the bugle.  
Until he cuts his webbing so that he can play the trumpet.
But then he swims in circles.


  

This plant looks innocent enough.  
But don’t let it fool you and don’t get too close.
It’s prickly.


________________
I was excited to see that they have a Cassowary     
but this was all I could glimpse of him   


  

And we somehow find ourselves in Steve’s new town, D.C.
We had to reshoot this image since Steve’s head was egregiously tilted in the first iteration.
It’s a recurring problem.


Steve was apparently already aware of its existence, but I just happen across it while browsing on my phone:
We walk over to the Hobbit Cafe.
  

Oh, chill out Boromir.  It’s only about a mile from the hotel and it’s a really nice evening.  
The waiter says you can't go wrong with the enchiladas.  Apparently the Shire chefs specialize in TexMex.  
And the Jerk Chicken wing appetizer was delicious.
Steve licked his plate clean.  There’s a Mount Doom of beans and rice left on mine.
Steve texts his friend that recommended the place and buys a T-shirt with Gandalf.  
The other style has Thorin Oakenshield (whom Steve affectionately calls Thor).  
If we come back in about a week they will have Smaug on a black background.  That’s the one I’d want.
  
  

  



Sunday
We decide to exit Houston early so we can capture the niceness of the day in Austin.
Breakfast at the Omelettry
  



  
It looks like my aunt has already made her mark here.


There’s a cool looking tattooed dude who's gotta be in a band and dirt poor.  
Or maybe his parents are wealthy.  
Something keeps him sustained despite an obvious disdain for dosh.
He’s sitting next to two bros that look like varying degrees of preppy and hipster.
A girl giving a monotone monologue three tables over is Steve-loud.
The content is something related to Science Fiction so it doesn’t really bother me, as the volume is positively correlated with my interests.
Two tables away the tirade that ends with “I’m not reading anything” is a little more irksome.


After breakfast we make our way to Mt. Bonnell.


  
  

  
  

There are some strange goings on around here.  The blood is still fresh.
  

Hey.  Hey, guy.  Nice gazebo.  
I really like it.
  

After it becomes decreasingly likely that the path we’re on will circle back to where we need to be we scale the side of the cliff.
Despite Steve being afraid of heights (in particular, terrified that he’ll accidentally throw himself off ledges)


Steve needs some respite after his death-defying climb so we head somewhere flatter.  Zilker Park.
The bearded hippy dude collecting the admission fee, declares that I owe Steve brownies because he paid the admission.
  

Tons of turtles and some fishes in a tiny pool.  


________________


I was wounded by a tree that I jumped at   
but you should see the other guy     Sorry dude.  Guess I overreacted.


  
Oh.  Okay.
Barton Pool looks cool, but it’s not hot enough today to make it worth the price of admission.
  

Dinner at Salt Lick Bar-B-Que.
It’s not nearby but the name fits us too well.
If Steve’s co-workers find out about this I’ll be in trouble again.


Monday
  
it’s not everyday I get to eat a state for breakfast.


________________


A nice walk through rocks at McKinney Falls.  We deviate from the path nearly immediately, though the wide flat rock is very path-like.
  

  

A group of old people carefully cross the gaps and mini-canyons.
I take my shoes off and wade through them.
Some of the rocks are slippery.
The map takes a spill.
Steve takes this surprisingly in stride.
  
I found this humerus
  

Beautiful, docile despite the heat.  I almost accidentally stepped on him.
  
  

Gets a little ornery when I pick him up.
Seems pretty smooth for a rough green snake
In retrospect, this is when I was getting sunburnt.  It’s 84 degrees.
Oh well, it’s better than the chill back home.


Walking to the Frog pond, (we only saw turtles there)
I’m drinking the Folgers that came with the hotel room.
It smells something pleasantly like Grandma’s house.


For lunch we head to South Congress (SoCo) to see what all the hullabaloo is about.
It’s eclectic, bohemian.  “Keep Austin Weird”


  

And here I explain that I’ve never been keen to try fish tacos.
Not after the incident in high school where Jelbo put a frog tongue in Pogvara’s taco.
Syrup of Ipecac, some trouble, and an autograph followed.  Fish tacos just remind me of that.
It’s strange, but despite my firmly held belief that a tortilla makes all food better I feel that fish shouldn’t be taco’d.
I order a taco of fried avocado.  It was quite good.


After Torchy’s we walk to Lick for some Ice Cream.
In this heat we’ll need to order one for the road.
Steve samples half the flavors.  
Caramel Salt Lick, Goat Cheese, Grapefruit Ginger, Caramelized Carrots, Roasted Beets
I was thinking Honey Vanilla but opted for Cilantro Lime after the lady behind the counter said “It tastes like a margarita”


  

The Cathedral of Junk is closed for Spring Break.  Which is unfortunate because it seems like just my kind of place.
It’s too early for Mustache Mondays at the Gibson
Instead we head downtown
  

The Driskill.  Something about history and a cattle baron.
The bartender’s name is David.  Nice name.
He’s everything a bartender should be.  Classy, friendly.
Tom Hanks, I think, will play him in the film.
He chides us.
Let’s see how good this fake ID is.  Oh, you’re from the show-me state so you understand.
Steve’s ID gets a much more cursory glance.  You can’t be a sting operation.
Steve negotiates himself a sweet drink.  A Batini.  You’ll like this one.
I order a Martini.  Gin.  Splash of vermouth.  And two speared olives.  
A man’s drink.  You know how a Martini is like a woman’s breasts?  No?
One is too few and three is too many.


The gun lamp spurs a conversation around Steve’s disappointment at the dull edges
Thought they were supposed to really hurt the horse.
Trust me, this hurts enough.  You don’t want to slice up your ride.
OK, maybe they just dulled them so drunks wouldn’t hurt themselves.


From amongst all the intriguing and swanky treats available Steve chooses: Salmon tacos.  
Don’t you remember what I said about fish tacos and frog tongues?
Oh, I thought that you meant that you really like them.
Fair enough.


I order my second Martini with lemon.  An Oliver Twist.
And then we settle the tab.


And then we head out towards the bridge because the sun is getting ready to set
Stopping at Wholly Cow Burgers where an inexplicable delay in burger acquisition puts us at the tail end of the bat’s egress.


So now it’s dark and Steve has a plane to catch in the morning.  We consider calling it a night.
But the authority of an ancient, unquestionable arbiter (a flip of a coin, heads) compels us to stay.
To Pete’s Dueling Piano Bar where things start to get blurry for me, my notes, any photos I take like a fool.
Nothing on tap.  But they have bottles.  I add three more rows to my spreadsheet.
Jenny with the raven hair gets up on stage and belts out some 4 Non Blondes.
She strikes me as a cross between Amy Winehouse and Aretha Franklin.  
Decidedly modern, but slightly out of phase, as if timeless.  Or just lost.
The duelists laugh heartily at Steve’s decidedly PG rebus request for “Come on Eileen”
They subsequently solicit ribald alternatives.  “There’s an Easter bunny with a penis”


  

On the right side of the room (off-camera) there’s a little England / Scotland rivalry going on.
  
  

Yeah, that’s roughly how I remember it.


  
  

A great atmosphere at Recess.  The 80’s are back and this time there is Free Play on the arcade games.


Tuesday
Drop Steve off at the airport and head over to the Life Tech campus.
Today was a good day.  Productive. 
Meetings in the morning, Life picked up lunch.
ssh sessions in the afternoon, jacked into CentOS
Got Flow up and running.  Diagnosed the plugin a little bit.
Back at the hotel I check work email, tweak the JIRA workflow, place my Friday lunch order.
  

And then the room feels emptier than I expected.
Look at the rain with melancholy, experience ennui.


So I find myself downtown again in pursuit of people noises.
  

  

  
bar not found
windows, blue screens.  srsly, guise.  where’s the bar?


  

I find myself in Halcyon, an ironic name for a coffee bar.
I remember using the word for my scarlet letter project.  And that it’s the name of a sword in some story.
I ask the girl behind the bar for a recommendation - something with Espresso and Bailey’s
And I end up with an Insomniac, which adds Vodka and Ice to the glass.  It’s tasty.
A quiet, gentle sophistication.  Suitable for both suits and ironic trucker hats.
I’m reading the Tuxedo Suite Protocol paper that Jeff gave me and pushing my glasses up the ridge of my nose with my finger.
Writing with a little flourish and listening to the voices that sound a little contemptuous, condescending
A sassy, human, background hum.  And now more and more kids are crowding into the room 
And now I’m disappointed I didn’t get carded.  
But then this guy pays for a 12 oz bottle of Lone Star ($3) in change, exact and only change.
And I’m glad I’m not that guy.
Wednesday
  





  

I parked on Rebel street, Dotty.  Then went to Tarbough for Lebanese lunch.  Beef Shawarma.
________________


Walking up and down the street in a drizzle that comes and goes in intensity.
  
wet.  yes we are.
Headphones on, this is the essence of my groovin’ in SoCo mix tape:


Warren Zevon - Werewolves of London
I saw a werewolf with a Chinese Menu in his hand, walking through the streets of SoCo (SoHo, SoWhat) in the rain.
Basically the reason I came to this place on this day.
The Doors - Riders on the Storm
        Complementary sounds of thunder
Modest Mouse - 3rd Planet
Mountain Goats - Pale Green Things
        Mellow walking songs
MC Chris - Tasty Face
        A parody song about zombies that made Steve laugh when it played on the drive from Houston.  
Gogol Bordello & Tamir Muskat - Gypsy Part of Town
Katzenjammer - Demon Kitty Rag
        More upbeat, otherworldly.
Peter Hollens - Misty Mountains
My legs are sore, but my feet still feel fine.  These fancy new shoes even managed to keep them dry.
A grinning man in a baseball cap with a Longhorn logo shakes his Budweiser tallboy at me. 
Its too cold for beer; can you help me get whiskey?  
We share a good laugh at that.  
It's 55 degrees.


  

At Big Top I bought a box of BeanBoozled, the intentionally gross flavors.
It’s one of those things that seemed like a bad idea even in the heat of the moment.
Toothpaste, Pencil Shavings sounds great.  Skunk, Booger, Centipede I’m actually OK with.
Rotten Egg, Canned Dog Food, Barf, Moldy Cheese, Baby Wipes I’m not looking forward to.
I’m afraid that I will mix them in with the belly flops and play flavor russian roulette.
