DEF CON 22 - Making friends with lobsters
Wednesday, August 6
Thursday, August 7
Friday, August 8
Saturday, August 9
Sunday, August 10


DEF CON 22 - Making friends with lobsters
  



Wednesday, August 6
I'm working through the day
A chance to code is a chance to play
And I'm lifted by the thought that I'll be sleeping in Vegas.


After work happy hour, it’s a surrogate Friday
I’ll just have one, a Belgian from Ommegang, I have to stay frosty.
Nuclear secrets may have been divulged.  (You can find all this on Wikipedia)


Storm rolls in.  Lightning.  A brief outburst of rain.
Apparently, back at the iTap the power went out
The usual odd sense of this as a transitory space
Bright white plastic, soft blue diffused lights
Looks something out of Sci-Fi, beautiful.
“John says we’re gonna need additional duct tape for these guys”


To my left sits fancy pants and a lanyard (Dental Assistant)
To my right, red Cons hugging a stuffed tiger.  I think she has ADD.


Reading Code Complete.
Tools are more than a crutch.
Treat errors as opportunities.
“Don’t document bad code - rewrite it.”


Landed in the city of sin, ready for the mayhem to begin


At passenger pick-up Ryan is waiting.
He lost two hours, no explanation.
The GPS, the gas tank agree.
Aliens.


Shady story of the shooting range at the back of a storage facility.
Strip club DJ, 3 lawyers, rednecks with pickups
And he rolls in with a clown car full of guns.
“I don’t know you, but I think I’m gonna like you”


Kyle tells us the tale of a mystical land:
Taco Y Taco
I’m excited.


Hook up the Sega
To play Skeleton Krew
This elevator seems more like a hot tub.
The spider skulls appear to have only 4 legs.
6 short levels.  Is it really over already?
Kadaver is at your mercy.
Press A to shoot him
Or B to let him live.
He looks so sad with flailing stumpy frog hand fingers
Let’s let him live, I implore.
  

Ah, it says he shot us.  “You should have frisked him or fried him.”
We have to fight him again.  And then with a flash and small pop he dies.


We switch from Sega Genesis to Super Nintendo
Aerosmith, Revolution X


  

It ain’t a Vegas party until the consoles show up.
Wait, consorts?  Wait, what?




Thursday, August 7
1:16am, we beat Revolution X.
But didn’t save any band members
Didn’t get any Mammys.
They are worth “mucho points”


Wake up, head to Rio.


The Goon instructs us to game the system, fill in, bend around, cut.
One fellow in front of us looks oddly familiar
An uncoordinated encounter
Such strange serendipity
Random proximity
That’s my cousin Dan


I lost my brother across a gap
We cross by Penn&Teller in 5s and 10s
Serpentine past Claudus and Jelly
At Line Con we see foil pants outside.
Potato legs, pop corn pockets.  He’ll get through the line in a Jiffy.
Packing us tighter, we can’t have nerds in the sun like that.  They’ll burn.
We’re making friends with lobsters.


He compliments the tape on my glasses
And my sad robot shirt, but he’s mistaken
Harvey is not the paranoid android from HHGG
That’s Marvin.
Harvey is an invisible rabbit.


Registration opens at 8, we got in line at 8:22
It took almost three hours to get a badge.


  

They Live.  The theme this year is Disobey.  


We catch the tail-end of DEF CON 101
They’re handing out handles.
“Do you have a handle, Dan?”
“I do...”
“OK, then that’s what we’ll call you.”
One of these Daves I’ll tell you mine.


Pad Thai from Kung Fu.
Then check in to the hotel.
In the line I get a chance to exchange a few words with Jayson Street
His talk is Sunday morning, a brutal time slot.
3,2,1 rule printed on the keys.
Ricky holds up 3 and tells me to choose 2.
I grab Bathe and Consume.
Left Sleep on the table.


Ryan connects to the badge and starts exploring.
He’s worked with propeller chips before.
Inverting patterns, adding modes.
I put a fibbing Fibonacci on the F.
1 1 2 3 5 8 13 22 


I’m still self-conscious and the crowd seems a non-permeable membrane.
But I’m interested in collecting scraps of conversation
“We don’t shoot marshmallows in the middle east”
Amygdala says: “Not trustworthy”
Ah, but the clock is ticking, no time to ease in.
I put on my networking socks and eschew shoes again.


Hanging in the hallway with a new companion.
We’ll call you “Other Kyle” (he’s not a Kyle)
And then Original Kyle shows up
You’re both O.K. in my book.


One does not simply walk to Taco Y Taco
Let’s take an eagle.
We proselytize for the church of tacos
Despite not yet having eaten there.
But we can’t go without Kyle.
And he has B-Ball.
You can’t effectively B-Ball filled with tacos.


Most other people are blinking the named patterns
InOut, Police, Chaser, Cylon.
“How’d you get the lights to stop moving?”
“It’s just a small source modification”
“Oh.”  Crestfallen.
Apparently, that’s F. M.


I take another squirt of the caffeine supplement.
That’s supposed to be diluted, in what, 8 ounces of water?
The intensity scrunches my face.


Groups fracture and re-form
I gather Claudus et al and head across the street to TGIF
Sit down and chat with Elonka.
Working in the games industry.
She’s actively looking for new work.
Claudus describes what he’s been working on
A space map exploration game:  https://extrasolar.com
One character named Turing, another is an actual Scientist.
“We asked her to pretend she’s a Biologist and she said ‘I am a Biologist’”


Cracking the Cesar Challenge card.
Colors turned to ternary numbers.
Call the phone number.
Morse code.


I start to explain my nascent electric analogy of social interactions.
Elonka has plenty of electrons to spare.
I’m an introvert, I just absorb them


She reads from her notebook and I read from mine.
“Making friends with lobsters - that’s your title right there”


I attempt to diagram my internal state machine 
To explain why I keep truncating my sentences.
I’m not doing a very good job at it.
I choose words carefully
Checking their man pages for denotations
Attempting to weigh their connotations
Adjusting for unshared context
Pruning the min/max tree
Finally, speaking.
Realize I’ve been misunderstood
Throw away my models
Start again.


Friday, August 8
Badge and Introduction.
Efficiently filing people into seats.
Ducks and grapes.  “It’s drivin’ me nuts”
(Shouting in the background, inaudible)


Discussing the security of medical data with Ram.


Navigating through the hallway someone checks the numbers on my lanyard
And we talk about the pattern I programmed on my badge.
Kudos to 1o57 for facilitating conversation.


Slip through the crowded vendor room and buy a clear lock for practice picking.
CTF is a dark, hypnotic nerd Valhalla, the kingdom of those that died hacking.


Wandering around looking for novelty or familiarity.
Feeling the rush.
Cyberpunk made reality
Accoutrements and personality.


Talks going on in the Packet Hacking Village.
ettercap is similar to wireshark
But wait, there’s more.
Man in the middle.


Hypothesis: the code on the CD is missing the IR communication section.
Experiment:  Attempt to interact with goon badge, compare to unmodified badge.
Conclusion:  Lack of response supports the hypothesis.


Beverage cooling contest.
50.3 for team he-brew
We talk about brewing briefly


  

I snag a Rye IPA from the bearded, beer’d team. 


A pleasant interaction with a guy typing notes on a typewriter.
I should have parlayed this into a longer conversation 
But I ran out of words, panicked and walked away, for half XP
Ducking into the chill-out lounge.
A weird, mellow version of Get Lucky
This couch is dangerously comfy
I’m not sure I can get up.


A woman from Atlanta sits next to me
I ask her about DragonCon, but that isn’t really her scene.
At home at DEF CON, she reiterates the sentiment: “This is my tribe”
She manages computers for a non-profit that fights cancer.
So satisfying to make the world a better place.
But the company is going through acquisitions.
And people are getting lost in the transitions.
Do what good you can and then move on.


Claudus and Jelly stop by with some progress on Caesar.
Interpreting runic arrows.
I head off to the Comedy Jam.


After he accidentally uploaded a private AWS key to github...
Security Squirrel does forensics on a compromised AWS account
Rich Mogul’s new business model:  Fuck up, blog about it, profit.


Walking past us, excited 
He tells us to go outside, turn left
They’re giving out boozey snow cones.
Sounds too good to be true but we chance it.
Yep.  That’s a Snow cone.  And that’s a mini bottle of Pinnacle cake.
Thanks @defconparties


“Does anyone have any spare mustache wax?”
“They told me to just use ear wax.  I can’t tell if they’re trolling me”


Headache from caffeine withdrawal
I’m brain dead already
Repose on a red couch
Long grey hair and youthful intensity.
The proprietor of DrNuts is a guy with ideas.
Talking about frequency of energy vis a vis brains.
Sound as a weapon, later seems eerily prescient of Ferguson.


Brother calls, we collect Claudus and head off-campus for Food4Less.
Back to the room to eat a sandwich.
Down for Hacker Jeopardy.
This is one of my favorite events.
Another squirt of caffeine and another Stella.
A lot of laughs and a marriage proposal.
Don’t Fuck It Up.


Head out to the hall
Where we gather and chat.  Dan, Ram, Leigh.
Renderman, dressed in the ceremonial garb of the pope of the church of wifi
Hands out Dorito communion.


I want to see the music.
(Try LSD or synthesia)
Track 1 for DualCore.
Drink all the booze, hack all the things
And I run into Dan at MC Frontalot.


I grab a bag of popcorn from the arcade.
Irrationally large foosball table.
This is a beautiful space.
Let’s live here.
Duck out to Smoker Con
For another chat with Mike
And we’re talking Dwarf Fortress and roguelikes with a game dev from Sweden (Kim)


Ryan is wearing a shirt that says Kevin
Manager of Midas.
He’s peddling Rye Chips and Life Savers.
Weird pocket food.


A statistician asks me:  “Are you taking meticulous notes?”
“No, just notes”
I haven’t filled as many pages as I would have liked to.
I have a pang of regret for every quip I miss.
I'm suffering word attrition
My wandering awareness enacts a verbal interdiction.
And I find myself unable to tweet
Competing desires to be topical and timeless
And it takes me too long to put together a sentence concise and self-contained.
She laments the lack of storage in her apparel.
“You don’t actually need a dick to wear a shirt with pockets”


I hear he set that rubber spider on fire and threw it at the wall.
He might be difficult to find since he’s so busy being Jaku.


Saturday, August 9
I’m sitting on a bench, talking to a guy who keeps apologizing for his poor social skills.
He’s doing fine, it’s like looking in a mirror.
I don’t know how it got to be 4am.


Wake up late, turn on DCTV
Zoz is talking about how to not fuck up an implementation of anonymity
Spoiler alert: it’s hard.


I map my walk from the room to track 3.
It registers 0.39 miles, 28 calories.


“I love that tat” 
It’s the ascii (in binary) for an old latin phrase.
He says he’s going to marry the first girl he finds that can read it.
He’s fairly sure she’ll be autistic.


In the vendor area I come across a small group 
Talking about a Roomba that pulled down the curtains
I jump in with: “So, that’s how the robot apocalypse starts”
One person talks about the robot that eats bugs, getting energy in the process.
I mentioned the robot that says we taste like prosciutto and bacon
And then steered the conversation towards cannibalism.
Everybody was pleasantly cool with that.


I stumble into the contest area for the beard competition.
Jack Daniels in a top hat and a kilt.  Diana is a judge.
So many contestants, no time for showmanship.
“He looks like a dwarven berserker”
Sitting next to Dan, I missed his judgement in the partial beard category.
Diana made an earnest attempt to procure victory for him, 
But there was the usual level of intrigue that you have come to expect from such competition.
Bribery and what-not.


Eris sits next to us with her beard of real roses.  Apparently, that’s a meme.
She wins third place and subsequently wears it as a belt, a visual double entendre.


I find a random guy with Google Glass and this conversation takes off.
He enjoys the form factor and is building a visual recognition app.
He lets me try them on.  Eventually, I’d like to acquire a pair.


Another chill session at smoker con.
I keep running into Ryan here.
Neither of us smoke.
  

Dude provides a cup of so-smooth vodka.
He’s related to a Polish assassin of Royalty, may have started WWI
And then Ande buys a round of beers as we continue working on the badge.
Trying to get the LEDs to reflect the detected IR level.
Weariness on the Goon’s face as we attempt to test our progress.
This guy over here tells us about the hour and a half commute
That he doesn’t mind because he loves his job so much
I remember the days I had that passion
I’d love to reclaim them


As software engineers we stand on the shoulders of giants
From hardware to low-level languages to high to DSL, libraries, example code.
We need smart people to build our toolchains.
Then we can swoop in and modify and copypasta 
And make something that looks awesome with a fraction of the effort


I had paper printouts and on Google calendar the list of talks I was interested in
But I hadn’t even checked the Skytalks schedule
Ram tells me to visit DC 101 at 1700
And it ends up being my favorite talk.
Door Goon hands me a condom as I walk in.
Oh, so it’s going to be like that, then.
Bit Defender - What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.


Rob Bird, @conduit242
Security’s in your DNA:  Genomics for InfoSec
“We have cookies and water - we’ve been out of cookies all day”
Everytime he says “big data” he has to take a drink.
He’s a math guy.  “I’m not a bioinformaticist, if you are you might be mad at me”
Congratulations, you all got HIV.  He puts the 96 character sequence on screen.
For plants, the non-coding regions don’t matter, but for animals they do.
After the Con I’d like to take a look at this blarpy tool


Back to badge hacking and then the line for Hacker Jeopardy melds into us.
Beer thief morphs into beef thief.  Relatively raunchy categories.
A beautiful blur and we’re back in the hallway.


I love how I can just high five random people here.
Feeling like an outsider year-round turns a moment of normalcy into bliss.


Ryan in the elevator:
“Anyone want a mint?  They’re individually wrapped for your protection.”
“What’s the fun in that?  This is DEF CON, if it’s not tainted with something...”
“How about a random pill from an altoids container?”  
(You’re supposed to get off the elevator now)
“That’s a sponge”
“It’d be funny if someone ate one of those, ‘cuz they’d have to shit out a dinosaur”


Downstairs I find Elonka and we head to Paris for a cache.
I’m still sock-footed.  I love the taste of this floor, smooth shellacked.
The illusion that we’re outside reminds me of the Canadians (c.f. DefCon 15)
A little bit of broken French, we pause a moment to appreciate the form of la femme.
Guy gives a thumbs up for the ThinkGeek sticker on my pocket protector.  Widens my smile.


Wandering through Vegas streets, got the geocache at Presidential suite.
Ollie, smooth talker, approaches us.  “Are you guys from DEF CON?”
He’s looking for iOS developers to work for equity.
Elonka tells him, we won’t get out of bed for that.
We stop and listen to cello haunting beauty.
High fives for a Halo soldier and shouting hell ya Pink Power Ranger
(another round of “that was my nickname in high school”)
The next song the cellos play is actually Pachelbel's Canon in D
Random woman walks past in a fancy black dress, asks my name.  “Hello Dave”
At the street preacher Elonka tells me about Ebola.  There’s a wookie.
Back through the Paris, stop by the piano bar.  Tom Jones.
Most days it’d be a pleasant diversion,
But compared to Con I’m just slapped in the face with my alien nature.
I’m itching to get back to the Rio.


Sunday, August 10
12:40 we’re finished with the strip 
And back into the safety
Music, noise, nerds.
Another chat with Joy/Evil
Ensconced in her chrome reflecty mask.
Pushed up so that her mouth is visible
It’s part H.R. Giger, part Daft Punk.
The lack of eyes is oddly unnerving 
But yes, there is a person under there.
Her goatse poster wasn’t very popular at LadiesLunchCon
But, but it’s signed by John McAfee (he insisted)
And strippers are people too.


I follow Claudus and we hack our way up to floor 20.
A chill type of party in a swanky room.
“Exploding chastity belt for your clouds”
This is Closet Con.
Across the hall in Bathroom Con we hear the story of how Priest saved Claudus from the consequences of his actions in a con long past.


My phone is down to 2 percent battery.
Personally, I’m down to epsilon.
Down to my floor for sleep.


Pro tip from Diana: 
If you want to impress a girl do not attempt this by talking to her about vacuuming.


Watching Jayson Street on DCTV.
Downstairs, 11am and Joy hasn’t slept yet.
Grab an Apple from the vendor room.  I can make it.
A pirate ship drives down the hall.


I duck into the Social Engineering village 
And sit around to hear Johnny Long say some stuff.
Ryan is in line for HAM certification; he texts that he spotted me as I head to Track 2
They lost his paperwork so he spends hours on this.
But does successfully acquire a piece of paper permitting him to ham it up.


Open Source Fairy Dust
http://hacktheplanet.ninja/
Apparently, nginx is pronounced “engine x”
Exim is an outlier.  It has ~13k critical vulnerabilities in 35k lines of code.
A vulnerability for Hadoop HDFS is on-screen.  “TODO:  this code is shit…”


Joe Grand and reversing PCB
The lowest tech solution often turns out to be the most effective.
Tech Shop is like a fitness center for nerds.  Borrow equipment there.


K3r3n3, the woman from the TED talk.
She’s the same age as me.
“Cyber security is also about securing a bluetooth enabled toilet”
“Encourage the shiny, happy people to be more like us, armed to the teeth”
The oft overlooked peril of squirrels munching on power lines.
Look into bug bounty programs and iamthecavalry.org
“Fight FUD with facts; that’s a lot of ‘f’s I need a drink”


Elevator hacking - they said it had to be the last talk of the last day.
Due to the counterweight, counter-intuitively elevators are more likely to fall up.
Flip it to independent service mode, it won’t respond to hall calls
The close door trick doesn’t work, just cut it out.
Sabbath mode - “it’s like hacking god”
“I social’d your elevator, bro”
“We were told that elevator couldn’t go up”


Closing ceremonies.
Bump set spike the beach ball.
CTF - switched from emulated i386 to ARM in the middle of the game
“We’re sorry and you’re welcome”
Next year we’ll be at the Paris and Bally’s, nearly doubling our available space.


After closing we meet Kyle at the Taco Y Taco
I don’t recognize many of these meats.  
I order Barbacoa, Chorizo, Cabeza.
I usually enjoy a good burrito, but Kyle is insistent.  Tacos.  And Tacos.
“Now I don’t feel so bad for recommending it to strangers”
SoCal goon man tells us about the pinball museum.


Hanging out in the parking lot.
Get a taco tattoo on your bicep, 
As you get fatter your taco gets bigger.
The Church of Eternal Light looks a little ominous, cultish.
Apparently, we’re on a mission to get Kyle an Asian girlfriend.
Whipping his profile into shape.  
You need better pictures.
More character.


And now I’m obligated to name my memoirs:  “The Daves of Our Lives”
Across the street for beverages from 7-11
The cashier ignores decimal points
That’ll be two hundred seventy dollars
Out of three hundred dollars.


They really seem to be into eyebrow threading around here.
Apparently, that’s a thing.
Fuck it, I’m getting eyebrow extensions.


Kyle asks why there are so many kilts at DEF CON
I would’ve brought one of mine, but it’s too cold.
“Are you writing about your mini kilt?”
“No…”


Step up to the box office to negotiate the acquisition of tickets for a show.  
Dan has volunteered to accompany Diana.
“Dan is so cool, A+++++ plus C++”
He’s a real rock star


Kyle and I head down from the room.
He’s on the prowl, spots a cadre of females.
It’s pep talk time:  He promises to use the most awkward lines imaginable
And I’ll basically be the worst wingman in the history of wingmen.
OK, let’s do this.
...
Or we could just go ahead and head over to check out the remnants of Smoker Con.
On the way we watch Dark Tangent shoot marshmallows at a red shirt.
Next year this will be a black badge event.
Well, there goes that eye.


The place has cleared out, but we find Claudus&Jelly and start talking MOBAs.
Head back up to their room to finish the supplies.


Kyle’s looking for the silver bullet
Diana insists that these are people, every girl is different
Claudus can see it more like a system that can be gamed and won
Step one:  look good
Step two:  don’t look bad


  

The beer is warm, the grapes and cherries are frozen.
Discussion until we’re too drowsy to continue.
See you all next year.
