DEF CON 32 - DaveCon 3.14
  



DEF CON 32 - DaveCon 3.14
Wednesday
Fursday
Friday
Caturday
Funday
Monday


Getting into the DEF CON mindset.  Apply some stickers to my subwoofer and check on my baby
  
✅
Get the ball rolling on the badge design and make sure t-shirt game is on point
  
  

  

  
bring a bag of give-aways
It should be an electronic badge this year, so I’ll go ahead and lug my playaround kali laptop


How to prepare J for this?
He’s been to Vegas plenty of times before, so I’m not worried about that aspect at all
But it seems a shame that I lack the capacity to give him the eyes that see it transform into a temple


Wednesday


78 and rainy, feels nice
Didn’t sleep well last night
Feeling a bit rough already
Hoping for a nap on the plane


No hassle from security
Didn’t pack tortillas, no checked luggage
Arrive at the terminal basically as boarding begins
A bit closer than I typically like to cut it, but it’s all good
Sit next to DEF CON is cancelled (t-shirt and phone sticker)
For some quiet or cool conversation
  
Spot the FED (am i doin it right?)
Mostly just rested my eyes and listened to ‘No Such Thing as a Fish’
Feeling a bit better at the end of it.  But work has blown up my phone while it was in airplane mode.
Turn off Teams notifications


R arrives from his stop in Prescott
His new gun this year is a BB gun
He’s got inside scoops from VetCon
Many factors behind the Caesar’s debacle
One of which was the non-bomb bomb threat
Dogs alerted on some residuals from DC shoot


  

Awwww, Johnny 
  



Drive north to scope the site
We’re staying at Circus Circus so we park there
Looking for the next fav hub bar
Circus Circus is pretty trashy, 
but the nearby hotels are too hoity toity
Washed Potato got a funny name and a cool blade runner vibe
But looks like it’s just overpriced dim sum
And we’re sure not seeing a critical mass of hackers at these bars
$2 Heinekens at Slots A Fun is more our speed
(And $2 hot dogs?  I’m gonna eat at least 7)
  

  

Our bartender buddy Eddie is a gamer.  Age of Empires 3.  (They fucked it up with 4)
Too small for a congregation but yeah, we’ll for sure be spending time here
R pulls out his phone for a slideshow catchup
Mostly critters and guns


Some familiar sights around here, from the Riviera days: Pepper Mill, Denny’s 
Get a Gatorade at Walgreens so it can act as a water bottle rest of con
A couple of tacos from Tacos El Gordo.  Exquisite
  

Love that they’re here.  Previously, we’ve had to go far more off-site for them


Check in, haul supplies, watch some Geechy Guy
  

So now we have a room, a ground zero
Too far from the con for comfort
You mean I gotta brave the sun everytime I want to catch some downtime?


  
  

Every time phone translates this snack, it’s different text.  Missed out on capturing some good ones
Basically, it is our new ChargeManKen, morning activity
It’s essentially a Japanese krakel / crunch bar
Has no friggin business being this good
R doesn’t like sweets.  So, yeah, I’ll eat ‘em
But those freaky Chinese chicken squares I’ll leave for J
(Apparently doesn’t taste much different than standard american BBQ) 


A suspicious number of pigeons outside our window
  

I had this sticker in my ‘give away’ bag
But should have known it would come in handy.  Think I’m gunna keep it.


  

Semiscary elevator people
One offered(?) us hallucinogens
Another says lvl 3 is where the party is at (Fuck 2!)


Still need to finalize badge design.  Wish Aaron was here.  He’s the resident artist.  Hope he’s doing OK.
Looks like J has got to be this year’s Johnny Two Shoes
Hope he’s up to the challenge
Pick him up from the airport
I said to look for Rasputin, but forgot his beard has since been shorn
Back to the room to drop off the rest of the supplies
R heads off to meet his local contact
J needs food, badly
$2 hotdogs are a bust, there’s no service now that Eddie’s shift is over
Moving on, spot some #badgelife talk on the sidewalk on the way
Try Denny’s, but it’s some kind of clusterfuck right now
OK, Tacos El Gordo it is.  He gets tongue fries
  



Then pick up some drinks at the liquor store
Cashier asks why there are so many people here
The people in front of us look a bit too ‘normal’ but she replies “DEF CON”
Then cashier gives my t-shirt some love:  “Is your name really Dave!?”


  

JFrog really went all-in on these ads.  Huge and constant.  Is DEF CON really their market?
Once I accidentally opted into a trial of the enterprise version, when the free version got the job done
Awkward…


  



  



  

Remember that time R found a free hat on the table, that definitely was OK to pick up?
Fursday


LineCon?  More like LinePro
Hell yeah, this guy has Doom running on his hat.  Entertaining the crowd
  

Looks like we should have grabbed some hot dogs along the way
Or a couple of line beers.
Oh wait, I got a hard mountain dew in my bag
It’s too early for J to start drinking, so I just share it with R
Opposite of last year, pre-reg is the longer line
You live, you learn, then they change it
We’re in line ~810 - 910  
Next year we’ll prolly go back to cash?  Whatever.  
(They’re actually crazy-efficient.  Back when the con was ~half the size, line con took ~3 hours)


Near the end of the line we find Claudus handing out illuminati challenge cards
  



Complete design in time for SameDave pickup
Switch out the alphasnake for a Johnny Two Shoes tribute
(OH NO! we missed the deadline.  Oh wait, the laptop doesn’t know what timezone it’s in)
DaveCon badges are in production and will be ready for pickup at 1415


Head back out to Slots A Fun.  Buy Eddie’s last 6 hot dogs and some Heinekens
Play with the DEF CON badge a bit  
  
  

(I’m a kitty cat)
First QR code we scan is a rickroll, well played
It’s for sure the best badge I’ve yet acquired
Join the badge hacking discord
A built-in kick-ass game
Is that an RPG, Eddie asks?
Sure!  But there’s a bug preventing savegames from working?  Haha, yep, that tracks…


  
Sure wish Johnny were here…




  



  
  

Dave’d up the sticker wall
  



Re-hit the liquor store - this cashier says as we enter “I need y’all”
Then as we’re checking out:  “Can you raise my credit score by like 20 points”
“That’s above my pay grade”
“Y’all getting paid for this?”
Trying to explain the adversarial Red/Blue team nature of this.  It’s an arms race
There’s some very smart people making sure we can’t do that
A game of opposing forces.  
“Well, then y’all should just call it a gaming convention, not a hacker con”


Driving to pick up badges.  Cybertruck spotted in the wild.  
Mischief Brew’s ‘Roll me into the gates of Hell’ rolls into Aha’s ‘Take me on’
“Is that logical?” I ask
J and R agree that it is and well, who am I to argue?
  

Yeah, we got a QR code.  It goes to our github  Totally safe and legit, I swear


Hit Toxic BBQ and start handing out badges
Find Dave!  (aka FiberMoose) the nametag guy from last year
Chat with some familiar faces and some first-time attendees
Over here is another bonafide Dave and his brother - he has a beard and his brother doesn’t.  
  
Soo, he’s an evil Dave?


Guy says:  “I’m supposed to give these out”
  
Pauli Two-Hat Peretti 
I can’t wait to take the photo of his face after he drinks it.
(Spoiler alert:  he never drank it)
  



  

AI generated image.  Under UV it more clearly says “Fuck Caesar”


There’s a PepperCon placard, but no one we recognize
  

Some group co-opts it (honey pot) and we have a nice chat with them
They are the ones that gave us the fun evil eyes.
Pie guy:  what kind of pie is this?  It’s apple
R ate one of beardy guy’s real hot balls
Eventually, we do find PepperCon for real
The heat is intense, it is pain.  Pepper is the mind-killer.  Petit Mort. 
I will face my pepper dust.  I will permit it to pass over me and through me.  And the coin will remain.
  



~1800 we’re driving back to Circus Circus
  
  



Check out chillout
  



Grab a random USB drive
  

And plug it into a computer.  What could possibly go wrong
  





“Do me a favor…”  
Apparently, we gotta take a shot of Titos so his friend will do one.
  

Is this laced?  No?  I’m a lil disappointed
Another one?  Well, go on and twist my rubber arm.  
Shots go down so smooth.  This is a peak hang-out time
We do a shot to honor 1057, so I’m guessing it’s actually 0157 (or whatever, IDK)
  

WY & CA.  & Willy shows up.  
VetCon setup has been delayed to tomorrow morning
Guy named Whiskey arranging a Whiskey tasting event is kinda sus
  
Someone’s got a sweet SAO
J pulls out a fancy pen and we exchange some contact information
But I still have no idea who is who


321 is now (Minimum!)
3 Hours of sleep
2 Dollar hot dogs & beers
1 Shower


Friday


  



Trying to install a GameBoy emulator on my kali laptop,
Apt jumping through hoops and 100s of MBs of missing dependencies 
Chagrin to say on R’s windows laptop there’s no such hassle, got it loaded right away
  

Now you can save your state, no problem.


  

ChargeManKen & head out for the day


We didn’t even realize that he had lost it
Found J’s unique signed & numbered badge on the street
And I swear to god we saw Jayson Street on the street and he said hi to us
J goes down the strip (apparently to church to meditate)
R goes to HHV
Track 1 has a waiting line and I’m not gonna deal with that
So I tapas/dim sum the villages and vendor areas 
Picking up pounds of swag&stickers
Giving out DaveCon badges
  

My SAO is pre-soldered and comes in a bag with a bunch of ducks.  They got QR codes
  

Trying it later, looks like the site is out of commission 
502 Bad Gateway
nginx/1.24.0 (Ubuntu)
(just a temporary accidental DDOS, I hope) 


  
Told ya


  
(That’s an archer reference)
Can I get a shiny one?  He’s running out.  “That’s why I ghosted them in my pocket”


Guy in something like a labcoat 
Slaps down one of the lonely harddrive badges on the table
A little later a random dude asks me if he can pick it up.  Sure, I already got one.
I throw down a couple of DaveCon badges and take a breather.


R replays some of the usual vidyas
DubbedGhostStories
ChargeManKen
StewartLee
HeMan


  

“Live every day like it’s taco tuesday”


J trying to find all the kittycats
Trying Back to the Future references for the car hacking code
But Reddit says it’s 1337.  Seems like an obvious troll, but sure, it works


DaveCon discord (aka DaveCord) gets the perfect opening salvo
  

OK, let’s see where this goes
(Who put me, a nerd with no social skills, in charge of our social media? c.f. ERB & Nathan Macintosh)


J is trying to eat some eyes from Tacos El Gordo, but it doesn’t quite work out:
  



  

We do got pinball, but sadly, no FBI-hole
Aw yeah, that was a standout year.  Kyle, Pokemon GO, Guerilla dance party
We had cenobyte and only a hint of Tacos El Gordo (it was still Tacos Y Tacos that year)
You don’t have to be a hacker to come here according to the BBC  (yeah, that was sure 2016)        


Head to the Ack stage for the man page game show
3 folks discussing a topical team name, something referencing CrowdStrike
I did intend to just watch it, but apparently Gary arrived a little too late (woulda made a better teammate)
So I’m roped in and we form team DaveCon
Take a screenshot of this.  Pepper Mill & Trump Tower & Nerdy Shit
  

I mean, how often do these converge…
We got West Coast, Mid West, East Coast, Turkey
And for sure got more than zero points (despite our quite limited Windows knowledge)
  

Questions do get unreasonably hard (+ no qualifiers) 
Our leader sez: “Whoever wins this contest, I want to stuff into a locker”
And of course the team with that great greybeard won (with only 12 points)


I mean, for sure, on this question  we all wrote tcpdump, but as we thought they might…
They decided to go with tshark


Brain feels fried, but also oddly satisfied
Body is drained, pace yourself, but remember the weekend is short
So make it a breakneck pace.
Nearby the Vortex bar is serving, but it doesn’t really have seats / chillout vibe
So it’s no circle bar.  No consensus gained.


Start scoping this year’s Illuminati challenge
  

Click around, but don’t think I’ll make any inroads during con.  Maybe afterwards


I head to Walgreens to buy a sammich
Catching the aftermath of a car accident that J witnessed (caused?)
We coordinate to watch the ‘making the badge’ talk.  It’s delayed by a bit
And we have a handful of goons physically escorting someone away from the stage.
We didn’t quite get it at the time, but there’s apparently some drama regarding its development process
  

  



  
J got a sweet can opener


  



Near the entrance of Circus Circus
A lady says:  “I gotta ask…”
About the badge
I explain that it’s a hacker convention
The husband says ‘huh?’ and then remembers us from last year
And not at all fondly.


Back at home base we play the Friday Rebbeca Black video
Then drink some WarHoney
J can’t have any since 20 years ago he drank too much mead at a meadery in Seattle
And puked on a bus


  

I got some makeup


Heading out again we find FunSized
Who’ll be staffing ‘Tamper Evident Villiage’


In LineCon for Hacker Jeopardy 
We got some freakin’ awesome DaveCon recruits.  And ideas for next year’s DaveCon badge
4.2 with the 0 implied and we’re gonna lean hard into the Douglass Adams angle
Needs a towel.  Maybe a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster
  
 Giant-ass beach ball!


Just like last year, they somehow didn’t anticipate a crowd 
So, we didn’t show up early enough
Probably next night they’ll fix it
We’re in overflow.  They tell us we’ll get only audio
And that’s the one half of A/V we don’t get.  Eh, could prolly get separate seats in the main arena
But hanging out with DaveCon folks is a quite essential part of the reason I’m here
I’d rather sit together in a whack-ass space than apart in the main one 
  

Eventually, it’s OK
We do get into the main space.
A question on due process and J nails it.
The game runs a bit late so we’re missing DualCore
But I’ve seen him before and Jeopardy is always unique so stick around
(A stepmom won round 2?  I’m confused.  Has he been drinking?  Yeah, he has)


“Why the fuck do we still use Java?”
I actually do like the language, but the question is about log4j so fair on ya
Hand out coveted DaveCon 1&2 badges to some of the new hardcore Daves
I mean, these guys are friggin’ awesome


HJ over.  Hallway time.  Handing out more badges
(It went from practically impossible, to pretty easy, to veritably compulsory)
“Oh, it’s your last one…”
No, we got like 400 more
“My name’s Alex.  Maybe talk to you later”
Nope.  You’re Dave now.
Sorry + you’re welcome.


  



In an elevator, I try to hand out a badge
“What is this?  Is this some furry shit?”
“No, this is some DaveCon shit”
Throws the badge back at me.
Whatever.  Haters gonna hate.  
And DaveCon loves everyone


J goes down for the night a little earlier than I do
Which is pretty weird.  He consistently stays up later than I do
But I guess I managed a bit more mid-day napping today than he did


Next year, we gotta do a DaveCon challenge
It’s just hex ascii letters on the badge:  (SPOILER) URADave
(: R for Ryan and A for Aaron)  Not anything that requires any effort
Just a cheeky bit of fun.


My handwriting is soo bad this year, I really missed out on transcribing some late night shennanigans


Found Joe & Leslie in time to head up to MC Frontalot
Great chat with a cool guy that worked with YT Cracker
  



What do you gotta do to participate?
Just do what you want to.  That’s what it means to be a Dave
  

  
  



  

Yeah, my cat’s got heterochromia.  Miau
Caturday
  



  

Helpful dude sez (when he sees me struggle):  To open that door you gotta push the handicap button
  

  



2am Pizza was the right answer.  Thank you, R
  



  
Sleepy time, my friends


Wake up pretty rough, takes a bit of time to feel alive, regulated.  Usually I’m the early bird.  
But R asks “Are you still alive, Dave?”  And I respond “no”  
“Well, that’s a shame”
J heads out, then R does.  
~10 minutes to the con center
~10 minutes more to war stories
We got Deth Veggie from CDC heading up a talk
A lot of cool shit was going on in the 80’s and early 90’s
Emmanuel Goldstein from 2600 is on the stage
You wanna have some fun, find a teenager
Try to get them to dial a number on a rotary phone
Haha, yeah, I’ve seen something like that


Gramma called us:  “Smarty weirdos”
Kinda generous.  We didn’t yet have a name for “Neural Atypical”
And somehow that was over 30 years ago  because “Time is fucking weird”


Are you f’ing kidding me?  That TommyDCat was at 2600@the Galleria in STL!?
Because that’s pretty much exactly what got me to show up at DEF CON
Finding these folks, finding my tribe 


John Threat (MOD) from Brooklyn is very charismatic (but he hasn’t seen war games!?)
At least he knows Hackers


  

R met the actual guy who set his pants on fire at the Riviera.  2008  Now that’s a deep cut
Our first venue.  Then it was the Rio, then Paris/Ballys, then Caesars
We did not witness the Alexis Park, the classic wild era
But we do have some history


He gave Roya a badge
Picks up a random bottle of water 
Then she asks a goon “Was that a bad idea?” 
He responds “Yes”
Well, I already drank some…
It was still sealed, prolly safe, unless it came from tamper evident village


  
Pew pew!
Haha, yeah, looks like fun and I know some nerds that’d be way into this.
But I’m very selective regarding what I’ll wait in a line for.


  

On startup tell your badge when you are and it’ll tell you what’s going on where you are.
Or lie to it for LULZ.  I’m not your Dad
PyTorch has 90+ github workflows
Yo dawg, run a runner on a runner


Catch a couch and some HACK3R RUNW@Y
Sit in chillout, a band is setting up, I browse some DC notes and reminisce
Update badge firmwarez.  J has really taken to the badge 
He very much wants all three cats


  



  



Sit at a table with my old friend Colorado
Catching up with my work changes and whatnot
It’s a bit rare to see you this early in the day, isn’t it?
Er, absolutely not.  When we had a good central bar we’d all mix it up much more early and often
Wasn’t so hard to find the usual suspects with a good hang out spot
He’s staying at the Stratosphere, has to uber back and forth
We still got no good lead on a new hub bar for this year
I’ve been a friend of this guy for over a decade 
But I’m still not clear on his actual handle
No matter how many times I hear it
Or many details about his life
But it just takes a little bit of talking to know that we’re simpatico
Our talks may be cursory, but they do get deeply technical (and peppery)
So I mean, we both feel that DEF CON is
  

And we both keep coming back to it when we can
(I simply cannot grok the mindset of a nerd that shows up here only once)


  

What a weird coincidence 


Back to war stories for Elonka’s talk:  encrypted newspaper ads
  
  

  



  

Elonka’s been doing this a while, but it’s Klaus’ first talk.  So he’s gotta take a shot
I was called by Elonka to the front of the audience (episkipoe!) and asked to take photos
Unfortunately, don’t think I managed any good ones.  Really hoping the other guy did capture it
“Guard this seat with your life”
“OK, now I have blood on my hands but it was definitely worth it”


  

Find R afterwards.  There are swarms at the sticker exchange
A couple of drop-offs, a handful of pick-ups.
I’ll use these or just pay ‘em forward


Handing out fake cash he tells us: “Don’t say the goons never did something for you”
  



Check the DEF CON Discord.  Looks like there’s cheese in chillout 2
  

Aw, hell yeah, we gotta check that out.  I kinda recognize those fellows, let’s merge these cons
  



  

Sit with some random weirdos
“Welcome to the table”
“I’m from Chicago, I’m used to bribing people”
~$1000 difference between oral and verbal contract
JetSmooth is soliciting feedback on the book he’s written
Can I have another chip for this guy?  He’s gonna flip his shit
I’ll move it like this and convince him it’s a goon coin
Drink this and I’ll give it to you
“Put it in your mouth - it’s a little salty, but you’ll like it”
Old Bay vodka.  Allegedly not tasty.  But add V8 and it’s a perfect bloody mary


  

  
I got a new Old Bay(be)
R reorienting badges.  He’s OCD (Of Course i’m Dave)
Write this down:  “DaveCon:  We got the meats and buns”
Desert tip:  if the table salt tastes soo good your body is craving water
(but if the bath salts taste quite good your body is craving faces)
Say hey to Clutch, 1057’s brother (who can’t make it this year)


I head to the room to pick up supplies and J
Ryan didn’t play Saturday (w/ Dave Days) and he picks up the slack
And eats some almost pizza that he purchased with a one gamble winning.  
  



I lost one pair of sunglasses, found a much better pair
  

But then promptly lost those too


  

Pinball.  Then drones


  
  
  

I took my cat to the vet because he’s sick.                          He’s not ill, just awesome


We get in line for Hacker Jeopardy  (It’s a black badge event this year)
With some technical difficulty.  “Where is Dave when you need him?”
(That’s his boss, apparently)  Here, take an extra badge for him
QR codes at a hacker con should never be scanned
(But you scan mine and I’ll scan yours)
And yeah, it’s cool (I hope)
  

I mean, she has an EFF hat, so you gotta know she’s doing it right


  

These things are trouble.  Avoid them next year
Too busy laughing to take notes.  
Or if I did, I can’t decipher them.
R heads out early for VetCon
Funday
  

Found Jaku!  And He updated my badge firmware  (He’s a freaking rockstar)


R hooks me up with a free drink at VetCon.  Some Stella
Apparently, just after we walked away they started a Dave! chant
I made it clear on Friday night I’m not comfortable with that sort of thing
(The Dave that can be spoken is not the real Dave, c.f. tao)
But ok, yeah, I do kind of wish I stuck around for that


Between the Old Bay and Beat Boxen I’m a bit too drunk, too soon.  But I did have fun, I assure you
We’re collecting enough Daves that the sun may never set on our empire
But individually, zero 9s of uptime is very much a Dave thing
Today I didn’t get enough midday down-time
Circus Circus is a fun enough venue
But too much walking


  

Wake up feeling better than I should, all things considered
That’s the story (that ain’t how it happened)  c.f. frontalot


Finally got the wherewithal to approve Jaku’s pull request
So now everyone can Dave up their DEF CON badge


J canceled his flight.  It was too early on Monday anyways
But he doesn’t have any bead on a next plan, so guess he’s just stuck here


Join with J for this talk:
  

Cash rules everything around me.  CREAM.  
Despite the title of the talk
It turns out that WuTang is NOT for the children
“WuTang clan ain’t nothing to… well, you get it”
“I am a lawyer, but I am not your lawyer”
What he said?  “I can’t recall, but he did a great job.  And I loved his suit”
Humans, by their very nature can’t remember shit, so here are your takeaways:
  



+= R and head back to Slots A Fun
Eddie asks “Together or separate?”
R sez:  Yeah, I got that hot dog money!  Write that down…
This guy tells a story about beignets in N’Awlins:  “This is a funnel cake!”
And he got bitch-slapped so hard his face hit the floor
Eddie shows us the Pepsi Clear commercial


Pass Elonka and Claudus on the way to closing ceremonies
Looks like he lost his badge


Grifter / Contests&Events motto:  ‘Not one talk, not even one’   Not a bad motto TBH
  

Wish I had a full deck of these bad boyz  https://www.blackbadgeraffle.com/tcg/


Dark Tangent / Dark Chocolate - J also found on the badge (but not IRL)
“Oh, he’s not retiring, he’s terminating the contract.  Well, WTF do I do now?”


  

They’re talking up Kev-Ops on stage, but I tell ya, this guy didn’t contribute a god dang thing
And we didn’t exactly stick around the venue for after-con activities


  
  

Finally!  The taco place is open!  
We passed by this place so many times and they seemed friggin’ mythical.
They’re not bad, not bad at all.  Not quite as tasty as Tacos El Gordo
But I’d eat $2 tacos all day and can’t finish a second $2 hotdog


  
We find the rotating bar from Fear and Loathing
Colorado asked if it’s still open.  Says it’s on the second floor (and I hadda say IDK)
OK, well, it’s not a bar anymore.  (And no bears!!)
But I’ll still hop like a bunny


Next year, we’ll do a better job of sending out DaveCon flares on the DaveCord
Looking for hacker hangouts we wander around a bit, scope nearby bars, but just end up back in our room
  

“I feel like we drank more than that”  (Yeah, prolly cuz a buncha stuff wound up in other trash cans)


R plays the role of VJ
On his phone then the TV
Plays bizarre stuff, a lot of adult swim
Some of it’s fun, novel and most of it doesn’t suck.  
But there’s a good chunk that just doesn’t land with me.
“That’s the worst thing that ever happened to me.  And I’ve literally had cancer”
And he even takes requests, e.g, plays ‘night of the living rednecks’ for J
I played Post-Party on my laptop (too soon, he says)  
But I don’t have the same morose sentiments so sharp from last year.
I’m really feeling surrounded by good friends and looking forward to next year.


Monday


  

  



  

Post the song to the DaveCord at a more reasonable time


  
Yep, yep
This song kinda almost makes toooo much sense (JK, JK)


  
  

R found two dollars.  That’s hot dog money!
J won enough on a gamble to buy his Pizza.  Plus a hot dog!
18 years in Vegas and I haven’t gambled once yet.  Looks like I’m the sucker
(If only I hadn’t learnt so much statistics…)


  
<= That’s R to a T


  
Next year, let’s get a couple of these
If they’re still around…


And we’re for sure getting some food from Famous Dave’s
  

A couple blocks to the strip to just dump J on the street (we’re never gonna see him again…)
And then to the airport to drop me off 


  

Sitting on my couch, starting to transcribe my notes.  
I do a lot of my editing on 4k monitors.  Phone res for sure fucks up my careful line breaks, but whatever…


Wishing I captured more content, but looking at my first few years I didn’t even crack double-digit pages
And yet I loved them, so I’m on another nostalgia kick.  Re-reading my old write-ups.
Trying to suss out the first year Ryan’s beard had grey hair.  Maybe 2022  ??
I blame covid.  In 2021 prolly the mask just covered it.  
I mean it’s only a little dewy in 2019 here, right?
(So, so many dead links.  Gotta use the wayback machine.  But the rabbit hole still goes deep)


Reserved a room at Convention Center for next year
Planning to cut down on walking distance  🤞
I mean, we’ll still hang out at Slots A Fun
But goddamn my blisters…


Index






Get a jump on badge planning…?
  



RFC
