Sun, Mar 28


Arrived in Frankfurt about 10:00.  A short delay in Chicago and in Frankfort waiting for other planes to get out of the way.  We had an extra long taxi in Chicago.  Our rental van had a broken window so we had to take a different one.  Derri came with us to show the way to her apartment.  It is so cute!  She had put filled Easter baskets on each person’s bed.  And fresh flowers in all the rooms.  In the kids she had put 100 francs.  We were very tired due to lack of sleep on the plane.  Pete, Jon, and I took a quick run to the commissary then we went back to the apartment for some great authentic German potato pancakes (kartaffelpufkins)  Then hit the sack about 9:00 so we could leave for Paris at 4:00


Mon, Mar 29        I woke up at 1:30 and couldn’t get back to sleep.  I heard Derri rustling about so I got up and chatted with her and slowly everyone else arose for breakfast and we headed to Paris about 4:10.  A long drive past a lot of formland.  We arrived at the city of Paris about 10/10:30.  We needed to go across town to our Hotel.  That was the scariest drive I have ever been on!  We made it there about 1 hour before check in but they only had 4 rooms for us.  We needed 5.  So they set us up with 2 rooms in a nearby hotel.  Pete/Derri and Sara/Liz took those and Ben/Dave shared a room, Mike/Ryan, and Me/Jon.  Once we were all settled in (and Dad found a parking garage tall enough for our bus) we headed towards Sacre Coeur.  We came across a sign for the Dali Museum.  I really enjoyed it.  I think everyone else did too.  We stopped by the artist district and Ben had a caricature done.  Pete & Liz had a silhouette made.  We bought some postcards.  We saw Sacre Coeur.  Jon, Dave, and I climbed the tower.


We went back to the hotels for a short break.  Pete/Derri/Liz/Sara slept and the rest of us wandered around for a while.  Jon & I met up with boys (sans Ryan) in the red-light district.  Then when we went back to the hotel we found Pete & Dave drinking beer.


We gathered the gang together for dinner at Le Houdin.  We tried escargot and candied duck and various other things.  We ate chocolate mouse, creme …, and apple tarte for dessert.  The kids went back to the hotel and the “grown-ups” went to an Irish Pub for after-dinner drinks.


Tue, Mar 30        Slept ‘til about 8:00.  Gathered for breakfast.  4 had French breakfast of croissant & OJ & cafe au lait and 6 had English breakfast with ham and eggs.


Took the metro to the Eiffel Tower then took the Paris bus to Notre Dame.  Did some shopping and saw the cathedral.  Very impressive.  We especially enjoyed the display of how it was built.  The guy getting hit in the head with a break.  We ate lunch nearby, in the Latin Quarter.


Then headed for L’arc de Triomphe.  We split up and did some shopping.  Jon picked up some Cuban cigars.  We met again at the Parisbus stop where the police were in a scuffle with an illegal vendor selling roasted chestnuts and sticky guys from a shopping cart.  They cuffed him to the cart and argued for a long time.  We headed for the Eiffel tower.  On the way we saw a large amount of police in full riot gear controlling some kind of mob.  We went to the top of the Eiffel tower.  The line was short for the elevator so we took that.  The sun was beginning to go down so we didn’t take many pics, but we had a great viewt.  We took our time going down, stopping at each level.  We ate sandwiches on the 1st level.  I stopped by an illegal vendor and bought a black market Eiffel Tower.  We enjoyed the view of the nearly full moon behind the Eiffel Tower.  Dave was “accosted” by a stinking crazed drunk at the metro station.  We got back about 11:30.


Wed, Mar 31.         Got up and got “breakfast in a bag” croissants and stuff from a …  
Took the metro to the museum area.  Walked to the Rodin.  Saw the thinker, etc… in the garden.  Did a group shot.  Went to Musee D’ Orsay.
We then went our separate ways through the museum.  I enjoyed the Van Gogh, Rodin, and Monet.  Whistler’s Mother was bigger than I expected.  I was so thrilled to see these works of art in person.  


We wandered along the Seine and checked out the old books and posters for sale and crossed the bridge and saw the exhibit of statues.  At the end was a ‘live’ Egyptian mummy (or daddy?)  He moved if you dropped money in his bowl.
We were all feeling burnt-out and tire so we rested by the Seine (good thing no one fell in or they’d be in Seine!)  Ryan fell asleep.  We met at the Louvre.  Pete’s family decided not to go ‘cuz the line looked too long.  I had to talk the boys into going ‘cuz I didn’t want to miss out on the opportunity.  I hope they’re glad the went.  


Ryan was resting against a pillar in the pyramid and a guard said “excusez moi” and motioned for him to get up.


I am thrilled to have had the opportunity to visit such an historical place and see the great works.  However, I do think I preferred the Musee d'Orsay and I also now appreciate the great art museums that we have in Chicago!  There is a huge variety there too.


Went back to the hotel & found Derri in her Veggie restaurant and Pete & his kids in a nearby one.   They were finishing up.  We went ahead and ate there.  My chicken quiche was delicious!  By the time we got back to the hotel Pete & Derri were sleeping in bed.  Son Jon & I went back to the artist district and I bought a … for Mom like the one I got for Dad. 


We enjoyed the full moon.  Went back to the hotel.  Dave & Ben were enjoying some cubans.


Thurs, Apr 1        Jon and I woke up and packed up our stuff then woke the kids.  Jon & I went for breakfast.  We brought back croissants for the kids and packed up the van with our stuff then Pete & Derri & Pete’s kids & their stuff.  Headed for Versaille.  It’s huge.  I enjoyed the tour of the palace and the enormous gardens.  We never made it to the end of the immense gardens to see Marie Antoinette's palace.  A whole bunch of people were resting in the grass until the guards came along and made them get away.  I guess you can’t rest in Paris. 


Headed for Strasbourg ~ 3:00 PM


Arrived about 9:00.  We checked in and went for dinner at Derri’s favorite veggie restaurant.  I ordered a mushroom alfredo kinda thing.  Derri let me try her pizza (spinach with walnuts) it was soo good!  We walked around Strasburg.  It is a very cool place!  The cathedral looks so awesome at night.


Fri, April 2.  Got up about 8:00 and went around the corner to the restaurant affiliated with the hotel.  It was great.  We got the traditional hot drink, juick, and croissant, and bread.  We also got a bonus chocolate croissant.  After breakfast we checked out of the hotel and walked around town.  Many of these stores were closed because it was Good Friday (including Derri’s favorite grocery store).  But fortunately the square was bustling with tourists and musicians and beggars and all the souvenir shops were open.  We had a great time and it reminded me of the Renaissance fair.  But this was for real.  We went through the cathedral.  I bought a CD from there.  The boys went to McDonald’s for lunch.  Pete, Jon, and us girls went back to the … (Carrot Top) but they were closed due to Good Friday, but we found another place around the corner.  I ate some kind of a cheese-mushroom quesadilla-type thing that was very good.  Jon got a fried potato w/ sour cream dish.  We met up with the boys, did a bit more shopping, and then headed back for Germany.


We made some Mexican dips for dinner.  Berndt came over and we enjoyed some good conversation and some Cuban cigars.


Sat, April 3.  Woke up about 7:30 to get ready to go home :(  I think we all had a great time and weren’t ready to leave yet.  Derri really made us feel at home and it was nice to see Pete again.  We all got along very well for such a large crowd.  


We did some shopping at the airport.  It was hard for Pete & his kids to say “good-bye”
