Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday


  

Wednesday
Delightfully warm for November. 
Watching Star Wars 3 and 4, prepping for Rogue One
Finalize packing.  


Elonka sends me a picture of my badge.
And the people hard at work behind the scenes.


Thursday
So dark for 1800
Blood stains on the highway.
Brake lights.  One spotted alive.
Too many deer corpses.


C8H10N4O2   200 mg caffeine with dinner, Quiznos
Time point zero of the diary of a drug fiend, Disneyland edition


They were talking about, I think, Battlefield, FPS, anyhow.
All I know for sure, is one guy wasn’t very good at it.
Said he’d rack up the kills if he could turn the gun around.


Some door trouble
Just needs a little oil 
Big hug from Elonka, find the Bens.


C2H6O   Add 4oz Titos @40% to the sobe elixir


wake throughout the night, nightmares of a mundane nature
inner dialog, reflection of general anxiety.
air is too dry, sinuses fucked up


Friday
Trying to remember all the names associated with these familiar faces
A year of atrophy in the fusiform gyrus makes this difficult


Cubs world series victory on the news
We heard fireworks on taco night


breakfast in the atrium.  this’ll be ground zero
there’s 3 black t-shirts sitting in a row
I know we’re all here for PhreakNIC
but we haven’t hit critical mass
most ppl here are still norms 


there’s Ben White in his signature tropical shirt
And we talk about ballots.  And also higher learning
He has Knowledge itself is power, tattoo’d in latin on his arm
t-shirt spotted:  My backup plan is just my original plan with alcohol 


0820
Corvids and Gray Raven
Cephalopods, Tardigrades
Catch up with Joe and Leslie
Exploding hoverboards and other tech
0930  opening ceremonies.  Elonka is moving to DC


  

1020
Net KOTH scoreboard is 192.168.10.2
deface index.html “It’s good enough for Malaysian script kiddies, it’s good enough for PhreakNIC”
pcaps will be published
  



  

picking locks - a little table talk
plenty of easy, clear ones available
and then I managed to crack an opaque one
  



Short drive with Elonka.  We’re on a mission.
iHop for food.  Best Buy for a cable.
Wrassling with the built-in GPS
Marvelously advanced technology, with a clunky interface


cats and cucumbers


Chatting with Bob McCurdy, who reminds me a bit of Jonas (“Titos is my jam”)
Discussing InfoSec and BioTech
The effects of monetization on the industry
They’d rather sell you an agent and a subscription rather than solve the problem
Without going into conspiracy theory territory, the sentiment is: treatments are more profitable than cures
And writing reports that no one wants to read or heed.
An unmaintainable backlog of issues to address.
Seems like nearly nobody is doing it right.
So many CVEs.  So little time.
exploit-exercises.com
ADD and delicious distraction


“I2P is better than Tor”
“the business of tech is giving away your privacy”


  

Reggie Bell shares some beer
A Belgian with Cherries.  I usually don’t go for sours, but it’s good.
We discuss brewing.  Star San, “don’t fear the foam”  
The beer makes the acid inert.


Guy tells me:  “I’m rule 34 harambe”
Lateral movement, kill chain.  I pop the pokemon sucker.
1705  I spot Dagmar (praised be his name) smoking a djarum black


Sitting next to some of Ben’s students
Gabe, a guy that looks a little like DJ Qualls.  And Autumn.


Hacking 101
1930  += 200 mg caffeine
C7H14N2O3   200 mg L theanine


Saturday
Not Larry shows up sans shoes
Chased off from breakfast
Drugs on aircraft carriers
300 baud modems


Elonka, Joe, Greg
Password managers and two factor authentication
Another person that prefers tmux over screen


Agile 101
tastycupcakes.org
ESVP


1115
Telco Bob
NC.  Bio hacking
Nothing in a bathroom  is legal


Noon hits
operat0r’s talk
tinyurl.com/connorbaby
Subso0nic - Build your own itunes
Do you want Pirate Shanties or Gangsa Rap?


Ben’s Palo Alto Networks talk.
Headquartered (of course) in Santa Clara
A distinct whiff of kool aid comes from the building
Unit 42 securing Life, The Universe, and Everything


1800  There’s a tie in NetKOTH. 
Sudden death has begun
  



Winning Management Buy-in.  Using cognitive science.
Pretend you are an anthropologist.
SA sounds exactly like esse.
Abbynormal research


Lightning talks
The kids make the computer read a monty python speech
Ben White on AI, robots, and the future of the human race
3 teachers in a row
Gray Raven on secret societies
“People are the problem…  So kill all humans”


Strick on Wispr
Transmitting at ~1.5 baud
Half the bits are synchronization bits
“It’s not the power it’s the frequency”
(That’s what they all say)


brimstone on IPFS.io
An interplanetary file system


https://vimeo.com/178597119
Nice balls video (in Spanish)


  
  



Benthemeek - “the best and worst part of running a con - the people”
Sous vide.  Sounds intriguing.


  

Seems legit.  Call me candy pants.


  



Oculus demos up on the second floor.


there's always a gap between us and them
and usually we're outnumbered
because there's oh so many of them
and we come in singletons or tiny tuples
but on days like this the tables are turned
_NSAKEY reports the cops were called on us
And Mike, the master manipulator, mitigated the situation
Something along the lines of:  "Is this the place of the noise complaint?"
"Nope"
"OK"
