More traffic than my last trip up here.
Never would have guessed turkeys are more popular than tacos

I decided my car's name is Chet.
Since it sounds like a good name for an astronaut.
And a bit like jet.

Lee is seeing all 7 lions

  

I’ve never been more scared of a blanket.


  

Thursday, Thanksgiving.


  

Our tree doesn’t feel like wearing a skirt this year.


  

Making deviled eggs using the traditional grandma recipe.

Tensies and drama
Spelling "dice" 
A letter for each victory.
Keep up that misbehavior and your fourth letter will be 'k'


When you have a choice between being right and being nice...
Choose nice.
Choose right.
Choose life.


Brooke’s hands are too small for all these dice.
“Shut up stumpy arms”


Too much food was made and we end up with most of it.


  

How do we keep losing babies?


Saturday, Christmas


  

Shakshouka for breakfast.
Do you like eggs?
One of life’s greatest mysteries.
Ryan guards the answer like it’s critical to national security.


We watch Merry Friggin’ Christmas
May need to add this to our list of traditions


  

Escape room with the Klugewiczs
Victory
With about a minute to spare.
Dead guy in vending machine


  

We hold beer school.
We start light, with wheat, with wit
And the beautiful golden glow of Belgian ale.
By the time a stout shows up the handwritten notes take on a familiar scrawly quality.


Ryan is unrelenting in his mockery.
He makes Ma sound an awful lot like Sue Grafton.
A high-pitched panic.


"it's like the flavor is in the beer"
No beer tastes good in your nose


Ma reads Smee from Ghosts for Christmas
It takes a straightforward approach with a highly telegraphed twist
But the language and imagery make it a pleasant story


We go for a walk McDonalds woods.
How many people will be wearing shorts?
Our estimates were low.
Uncover dinosaur bones in the sand.
Searching for wayward frisbees from frisbee golf


Dan&Amy’s Wedding
It's another event.
Thankfully a happy one.
The little jewels on my calendar
Amidst the dirt of things like dentists


Apparently my service is spotty here
Parents sent messages I never received
Sitting in the lobby I hear their voices
And stumble up a step
  



we sit up in the mezzanine


Dan has the mind of an engineer and the heart of a poet
a blend of characteristics that I find most admirable


We all take a turn in Amanda’s high heels.
Precarious, uncomfortable, but I do enjoy being taller
I need platform boots so my toes aren't squished
  



Ryan looms.


noise
songs and voices
hours flying by
in a brief snippet of clarity I clutch at a moment
to question why I'm dancing
and find the answer in a smile


I find myself inside a logical burrow of my brain
which tells me I shouldn't be doing this
I further analyze my surroundings
and decide it's fine


the odd sensation of taking a pulse of now
everything feels modern for a moment
a twinge of nostalgia
most of the time before this I was on autopilot, with awareness taking a backseat
hit by the realization that by necessity or simple circumstance I'll soon slip back into that


regulate temperature
remove jacket
drink water


Micky's for breakfast with Mary and Carl and Amanda
The Irish pub, not Micky D's like Cindy did
we order a round of bloody Mary's
Ryan the contrarian combo breaker gets a mimosa


walking back to our room in the basement, down narrow stairs
in the dungeon, next to housekeeping
do a double take, Ryan's doppleganger is over there
big beard, trenchcoat


12/7
Parents drive down
To watch the Disaster Artist and escape a room with Mnke in Herrin


The larger theater sold out so we have tickets to the dine-in
We've been hyped for this movie since Thanksgiving
Usually a recipe for recipe for disaster
Order drinks at the bar and chat a bit
Lee & Azi arrive
The movie delivers.  Lots of laughing.
Dinner at Joo Joo, near my old office
Burner at the table
Put me in charge of watching the food cook.
I can't be trusted.
Waitress goes on a Christmas rant.
