Saturday, 1/7/2017        1
Sunday, 1/8/2017        2
Long key        6
Monday, 1/9/2017        8
Key West        10
Hemingway        12
Tuesday, 1/10/207        26
Key Largo        26
Islamorada        29
Wednesday, 1/11/2017        30
Thursday, 1/12/2017        38
No Name Key        39
Friday, 1/13/2017        41
Key West        43
Saturday, 1/14/2017        58
Seafood Festival        60
Key West Cemetery        62
Sunday, 1/15/2107        71
Lignumvitae        71
Monday, 1/16/2017        79
Rocky Horror Picture Show        79
Tuesday, 1/17/2017        84
Taco Tuesday        87
Wednesday, 1/18/2017        89
Thursday, 1/19/2017        98
Appendix A:  Adventures in Space        102
Appendix B:  Safety Dave's Safety Corner        103




Prep work:  
Watch Bloodline, keeping an eye out for stumps.
Listen to FloriDada.


Saturday, 1/7/2017


A day spent waiting, flight delayed time and time again
Finished watching Life’s Too Short.  
Drive to the airport.
Pleasant chat with the shuttle driver.  I’m the only rider.
She thanks me for talking to her.  I’m naturally reticent, but apparently some people don’t talk at all.
It’s cold.  Put new batteries in the thermostat.  The terminal is cold.  It’s nearly empty.
Zipper on the duffel bag is nigh non-functional.  Caffeine headache and I’m cold.
A couple more delays and eventually, the flight is canceled.  
Robot calls.  Tells me I fly out at 6am tomorrow morning.
Shuttle back to the car.  This guy is full of bad jokes and puns told in earnest.
Mermaids and Sea Shells.  Geese flying in Vs.
The other guy in the vehicle humors him.  (He had to defrost fake ducks in California)
I just smile, zombified.  


Sunday, 1/8/2017
  

Wake up to the beeping of an alarm.  I nearly never do that.  It’s still dark.
Back in the airport.  It’s busier now and the dang kiosk won’t give me a boarding pass.  Wait in line.
Maybe I could’ve slept in a little longer, but I’m glad I didn’t.  
This guy is from Nashville.  This is the furthest north he’s ever been and it’s his first time on an airplane.
White hair and gentle drawl, he’s 58 and travelling to Jamaica with these three young women
Two are sisters and two will have a birthday this upcoming week, one is turning 21
The one he knows the best, he says, is not quite his girlfriend.  


20 degrees on takeoff
Listening to Pete Holmes’ podcast.  
57 degrees on landing


Soon two yellow kayaks on top of a big white truck float into the terminal.
  

11:33  Now leaving the mainland.
It’s time to take note of the main tenant of the Keys.
Learn to take it Keysy.  A portmanteau of Key and Easy.


  

14:04 Visit some manatees  (Trichechus manatus)


14:47  Sharkey’s Pub for fish tacos.
  

  

I ordered Florida Keys Brewing, Iguana Bait.  Hibiscus Kolsch.
Mom drinks her namesake:  Crazy Lady Honey Blonde.


16:06  World Wide Sportsman, has a boat like Hemingway’s Pilar
  

  



Long key
  

  

Home sweet home
I can see why they like this place.
We've set up base and we can see the beach from the back window.
We wander up and down Long Key, watch the Sun set.  Visit the Bloodline stump and the Cuban boat.
  

  



  

Blow up a bed for me to sleep on.  We have our very own monolith.
Watch the Rocky Horror Picture Show DVD
Take notes, prep for movie night.


Monday, 1/9/2017
  

7:26  Stop by to say hi to Rob and Gail, a pair of creative types.
He’s tuning something with strings.  “Dave, do you play any instruments?”  
He’s made a number of sails, of increasing sophistication.  An umbrella, rain poncho , shower curtain.
And now he has one that looks professionally done.  Made it on an old-timey sewing machine, with pedal action and everything.
Bea walks up the beach with a coconut (Cocos nucifera).


Anita has something that looks like a pocket with a button, but it’s really a snap.  
And there’s no pocket.  Damn the impracticality of women’s fashion.


The weather is windy, a little too rough to go on the water.  So we put the bikes on the back of the truck and head on down to Key West. .
  

A Wyland mural


Key West
  

10:35  Park at Higgs Memorial Beach.  Toss some food to the chickens.
This henpecked rooster (Gallus gallus) can’t get a single thing to eat.
  



11:40  Blue Heaven, order a BLT (Bacon Lobster Tomato) Benedict
And a mountain of meringue that has a little slice of Key Lime pie under it
  

  

Mom endeavors up the stairs and past the orange-stripe-towel gang to discover this gem.


Hemingway
12:26  Ernest Hemingway’s House.  The tour guide is delightful.
I expected only a shack by the sea, fitting with the rough vernacular in his novels, 
But the grounds have decadence seemingly more suitable for a dandy prone to purple prose.
  

The urinal they carried from the bar.
  

Polydactyl cats (Felis catus).


  

HWY1[0]
  A legacy of Flagler and the railroad
  When there's an accident it's a major inconvenience
  But that's the price we pay for an enforced shared experience.
  Everyone driving to Key West from the mainland passes through the same repeating set of 
  Oceanside, Bridge, Bayside
  Oceanside, Key, Bayside


14:04  The First Legal Rum Distillery.
In rum there is truth, in water there is bacteria.  Drink more rum.  ~ BenjaRum Franklin
Man with a mustache, holding a machete tells us about how it’s made, what makes it unique.
The Prohibition-based law hoops they still have to jump through.
“If it’s not a good day at work, we have a way to make it one.”
Carrying around some sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum)
  



  

  

Why did the chicken cross the road?  Probably because Jon was chasing it.


  



  

14:35  Looks like this guy’s been sticketed.
Lee responds:  Stop putting Groot on people’s cars.


  

This stormtrooper looks up to me.  


  
This is one of the most ambitious trees I’ve ever had the pleasure to meet.


16:20  They have drinks, history, atmosphere.  The pizza at Sloppy Joe’s is much better than it needs to be.
  



  

18:00  Mallory Square
First time I heard someone boo the sunset.  The cruise ship moved right in front of it.
“You can’t always get what you want” is playing in the background


  

Booths with baubles,  tarot cards on a table
A weather worn woman playing world music 
A kid sitting on the ground playing modern hits
Two haggard juggling buskers taking turns with similar shtick.  Stay in school, kids


18:21  Captain Tony’s
Dark but friendly.  Bills and bras.
Calvin with the golden voice joins the band (a guy named Parker).


19:08  Irish Kevin’s
A traditional Irish song draws us in.
Stay for the insanity.  “Everybody meow.”
“This is the song that got me fired from Gymboree.”
“Now it’s the time for gangster rap.”
New York Paulie up on stage.
Next people that walk in, after I ask them where they’re from, you’re to say “No Shit!?”
OK, we messed that one up.  Don’t cheer.  “I guess I should’ve prepared you for the possibility that someone would be from the same place as you.”
“If you shouted anything other than ‘No shit’ you’re creating a clusterfuck”
  

  

  



By some cosmic coincidence the firestorm known as Sheila shows up.
With her beau Jack.  And Leeanne.  (“She’s so hot”)
They make sure I get an accurate narrative.  
“I was born a poor black child.”


“I think she wants you.  I know that look.”  
Jovanna is adorable; I’m fairly certain that she did not give me that look.  She does ask me as I write, “The noise, doesn’t it bother you?”


And now we have an Elvis / Cash medley.  
Talking about parking.  They’ve torn up the good free parking lot.
Talking about biking.  Bruises and such.  Mom shows off battle wounds.
Sheila can tap dance.  We found our Columbia.  Though she’s never seen the movie.


“Fuck Ohio and New Jersey”
Sleepy Jean and Whiskey in the Jar.
This song comes with clapping instructions.  4, 2, 1
Who the fuck is Alice?


Early on in the night I told the gentleman sitting next to me I was from Missouri.  He saluted me for it.
And he responded, I think, with something about being from the right side of the river (But he’s from New England?)
But now, I guess since I’m singing along,  he assumes I’m from Ireland (I respond “Aye, Laddie”)
He follows that up with a comment which seems to have conflated Ireland with England.
When we walked in they were getting ready to leave.
It’s over an hour later and they’re still here.
Jovanna takes orders for another round of drinks.
He says he doesn’t want anything, then acts affronted when she doesn’t bring him anything.
He orders another margarita.  


Guinness chugging contest.  First woman gets a pint down in 16 seconds, not bad.  The second does it in 12.  Now 8.66 seconds is the time to beat.
Did ma just say she lost her phone down Sheila’s pants?
No, Sheila has lost her phone and probably peed her pants.
This guy drank one down in 5.84 seconds, with a shot on top.  
A pint in 3.95 seconds, how the heck?  “Open the throat and let it in”
And then Paulie plays the Chanukah Song (Last time for the season, I promise)
New people come in. 
The cougars from Canada are flirting with the German youth.
The chorus for Canadians is: “No shit, eh”
The German version is “Nein Scheisse”


“I can drive annihilated.” [she means inebriated, and it only applies to bikes]
Write this down:  “Sheila is awesome.  Leeanne is awesome”


  

Closer to Cuba than a Walmart.
  

Santa trying to ride an elephant.


  

I really wanted the free soap.  And so now this is happening.  “Look up”


  

We had to stop by the 5 dolla shop to get warmer clothes.
Duval Street was rockin’


  

Southernmost Darth Vader playing a glowing banjo.


Tuesday, 1/10/207
  



Key Largo
Another windy day, so we head up to Key Largo to pick up the package.
The weather report seems always optimistic, but keeps playing the same joke on us as the sign that perpetually reads "Free Beer Tomorrow!"
But prediction is hard ("especially about the future")


10:51  The Post Office.  Put the 50 pound clam in the back of the truck.


11:14  John Pennekamp State Park
Wander around the visitor center a little bit, lovely little aquariums.  Then kayak through mangroves
  



  

  

Key Lime trees (Citrus × aurantiifolia).
  

Seems to be a baby avocado (Persea americana).


Islamorada
15:00  Green Turtle Inn
An imperial from Funky Buddha Brewery named I’m so excited, I’m so scared.
15:44  Florida Keys Brewing Company.  A double flight, aka lazy Susan.  A taste of 10 beers.
Chalk boards in the bathrooms.  It said “Love is all you need” until Anita added “and beer”
  

  

  



Wednesday, 1/11/2017
  



  

8:45  “You guys haven’t been drinking enough beer!  How am I supposed to make a hat?”


Sit awhile with Rob and Gail, talking about Arts&Crafts and stories of Adventure.
On Dominica he spent a day farming.  They carry machetes, call them cutlases.
His host smoked half a joint, worked a while, marking time by the position of the sun.
Made a soup with ingredients no more than 20 feet away
Smoked the second half and finished up the day.
At the end both stripped naked and washed up in the river.


  

A lovely rose, made of palm


  

  

Portuguese Man-of-war (Physalia physalis) are all over the place.  If you’re wearing shoes you can pop ‘em like bubble wrap.


Walk up and down the beach.  And here’s Les and Robbie.
We hand over the sea almonds (Terminalia catappa) we’ve been collecting for them.
She has a broad smile and an east-coast accent that reminds me of Kathy Bates’ during Season 4 of American Horror Story.
  



  

Biking down the pier/bridge.  Collecting more giant hooks.


Ma starts laughing.  Hard.  “It’s not actually funny.  We don’t have any hot dogs”
Setting up the clam.  It says to practice in your garage / basement, but it looks too big to fit in either.


17:39  Lobster Crawl  Happy hour on Fiesta Key
  

By combining two 5 dollar appetizers (cheese sticks and chicken fingers) we’ve made chicken parmesan


As we’re leaving we’ve caught the attention of a loquacious guy.
Mark gathers 2,500 coconuts from the Keys each year.
Sells them at shows from Wisconsin through Illinois
This year he’s staying only briefly, just a month.
And with the camp drunk.


We find a woman from California using her phone as a flashlight, looking for lobsters.


  

We play catchphrase in the clam (all the cool kids got one)
Chasing critters around, lizards and crabs


  



  

Is this a baby demogorgon plant?


Everyone we talk to says rats are a problem
Two people already have had them on the inside
One couple packed up and left, probably bringing the rodent with


  

Low light pollution, the stars at night are stunning.
Tide comes in, tide goes out.  Moon is waxing Gibbous, nearly full.
“You’re a waxing gibbous.”
“I think he just called you an ape”


Thursday, 1/12/2017
  



7:45  Picked up a coconut, we’ll put some rum in it.


10:59  Sombrero Beach
Kayaking 
  

There’s a geocache near this freaky, toothed frog thing.


  

13:37  Ma says:  There must be a pirate around, plundered the R.


No Name Key
14:35  Blue Hole
  



14:52  No Name Pub
Dollar bills on the walls.
Order a pitcher of no name amber.
  



  

  

  



Head out upwind and float back to camp, almost stopped at someone else’s clam.
Rained on a little bit.
Rumor says the rats don’t like lights.
Come back to a small fire.  I keep warning you, it just takes one stray ember to damage the clam.


Friday, 1/13/2017


9:35  Bacon for breakfast, thinking we’ll take it easy with a camping day.
Still too windy to be on the water, visibility is crap.  And this illustrates how the weather is both a blessing and a curse.
I do really want to put my flippers on, do some diving or at least snorkeling, but there’s also interesting things on land.
Investigate the travel sites, make a last minute plan (Inspired by Mark’s comment, must see it after midnight) to sleep in Key West
Saturday night would work better for us, but it’s too much more pricey.
12:30 Driving down again
  



  

  

Iguana (Iguana iguana)


Key West
  

15:53  Check into Casa Marina, it’s kinda hoity toity.
Would you like to give us a second name?
Anita?
No, you don’t need ta…  Oh, that’s a name.
  

  

Fire might not the most urgent problem that the headless guy is facing.


16:00  Short visit to the beach, swim in the pool.
  

  

  



  

This post is unable to connect to the Internet.
Press space.


17:18  Spiderman sitting on a motorcycle, looks like a statue.
Shot web at Anita.
Jiminy Cricket!


18:00  Caught my first Pikachu on the docks here.
  

Start happy hour at Alonzo’s with some oysters, shrimps, and such.


  

  

  

  

  

Back to the rum distillery for some free samples and to point at the machete
  



18:46  Two Friends
A VJ playing some old school rock and roll.  Doctors recommend Camel cigarettes.
  

Lookin’ good, Curly Jefferson


  

  

A shortcut through a shop with some of the creepiest mannequins I’ve seen
  

Fus Roh Do not touch the mannequins, PLEASE!


19:39  Captain Tony’s
We walk in to thunderous applause.  Parker is playing again.
  



19:43  Rumor Lounge
That’s 3 happy hours in 2 hours.  
We need someone to double check the math on that.
Dad orders a Guinness and I start the timer.
3.95 seconds is the time to beat.
I turn it off after one minute.
  



  

We briefly consider taking a scary tour.


Talking to random strangers.  Civil and other engineers.
“Do I know you?  I must look like someone you know.”
“No, no”
Talk a bit about coding and the utility of Avast on the phone.
A photo of a guy wearing a what?  (Something like Sean Connery in Zardoz)
Her technogeek friend found a way to make the picture larger (zoomed in) and revealed that “he waxes”
Martha gives us a fistful of coupons and says Aqua is a better drag bar than Bourbon


20:42  The Green Parrot
We sit by the window and Eric from Illinois walking by.  We say hello and conversation ensues.
  



21:48  Clementes Trolley Pizzeria
Pretty good pizza.


  

A hat on a hat.


22:28  Back to Irish Kevin’s
New record, a pint of Guinness in 2.65 seconds.
Paulie wraps up at 11 so we move on.
  

  



23:44  Sloppy Joe’s
A pretty rocking band here.
For Caroline’s birthday they play a Violent Femmes song.
Then realize they missed the obvious.  And like Paulie, they play Sweet Caroline.
But they don’t admonish us for the “Bum bum bum” 


Midnight comes, our quota is met.
Make our way back to Casa Marina.


Key West is a pastiche of familiar flavors.
Wide open doors, venue spill onto the street like Las Vegas.
The weirdness of Austin, turned up to eleven.
It's Beyoğlu by way of Bourbon Street
Caribbean island, casual and slow
The Dude abides by Duval


Saturday, 1/14/2017
  

It’s 8:55 in the morning and my phone tells me I’ve already met my daily active minutes goal.


  

Something interesting has happened here and we missed it.


  

Is this not a reasonable place to park?
Sir, you’re on the fence.


8:59  Southernmost Point
  



  

This post has a backwards N.  Was that an intentional stylization?  It’s the same way on both sides.
Could be a fan of Nine Inch Nails or   
Other posts on the same street have it the right way around.


Seafood Festival
11:19  Bayview Park
  

Follow the snake to the smell of seafood and lemon wet wipes.  Lobster and Conch Fritters
11:44 and we have margaritas (and my rum runner)
“Here’s to drinking before noon”
  

  

The Regs, a rocking band, he’s playing Godzilla with his shoe.
Gail and Rob sit with us.
His shirt reads: “I dream of a society where a chicken can cross the road without its motives being questioned”
Has an out-of-body experience as a man with the same clothes and hair walks by.


  

That’s right.  All roads lead to this guy.


Key West Cemetery
13:45  
  
  

  
  
  

  





  
  

Buried next to each other, an ominous duo.
  



  



  



Another train of bridesmaids in matching uniforms.
Just married.  Just drunk.


15:23  Viva Saloon, the haunted bar.
  

  

2spooky4me.gif


Wander back briefly to the festival.
  

Mark’s Coconut Fish Camp seems to be doing well.


The actual Irish Kevin will be playing at Irish Kevin’s and we want to see him, but it’s been an exhausting trip, so we head home.
Could have been worse.  An accident has traffic backed up over 6 miles the other direction.
We arrive to find the Rakers (Jack and Sheila) moved in next door.
Have some drinks (sports on TV) and chill in their clam
Some blue jokes and pretzels and nuts
Boisterous and tastefully salacious.
Spotify plays blues music.


“How are you with cats?”
The seem eager to give theirs away:
Psycho Bitch and Colton, The Majestic Prince
  

  



A fun group of people (“Nothing beats hanging out with your buds”)
Introduced to Bruce, a Canadian musician that looks like Donald Sutherland
He gave Sheila a motorcycle ride home.  The bike sings a song of good vibrations.
  
A monster of a Vulcan


The clam is set up on top of the concrete for the fire pit, leaving us with a little stage.
Jack ventured in, but quickly makes an escape
(“They’re talking about blue pills”)


I hear scurrying outside.  Are those lizards or rats?


Sunday, 1/15/2107
  



  

Lignumvitae
9:59  We kayak to Lignumvitae Key State Park, latin for wood of life.  A super useful wood, but it needs so many years to grow.
  

  

  



  

Russ and Charlotte of Charlotte’s Story lived here.  Remarkably resourceful people.


  

Don’t stand under the poison tree when it’s raining, it’ll get you.
Tour guide might’ve touched it.


  
  

This is wood.  Trust me.  I’m the expert.


  

  

A man-of-war and the cute little fish that lives in his tentacles.


13:18  Winn-Dixie
Buy hot dogs


Paddleboarding, saw some southern rays (Dasyatis americana) and they’re neat
But the spotted eagle ray (Aetobatus narinari) is the really cool one.


16:30  Happy hour tonight is at Bruce and Linda’s 
Introduced to Dave and Linda.  That’s an easy name to remember.
  

Passing around a bottle of Yukon Jack.  Surprisingly smooth for 100 proof.
  

  

Bea and the boot.  We start collecting bottle caps so that Rob can build his own instrument.
Showing off my titanium spork and the attached USB-drive / bottle-opener.
No, it’s not a whistle.  Don’t put it in your mouth.


New guy named Guy shows up and joins the jam session.
He’s only been playing a year and does a sweet rendition of Tennessee waltz.


  



We head back to our site and sit by big black for a little bit.
  



Monday, 1/16/2017


Rocky Horror Picture Show
Spend the day cleaning and prepping.


  

  



  

“I’m obsessed.  I know I’m a bit crazy”
  



  



Marie reminds me of Kristin Chenoweth.
She’s the one who picked RHPS for movie night, 
Though she feels that she was set up, that it was already a foregone conclusion.


Mom goes over to invite our neighbors, Steven and Lenore
Knock, knock.  And it turns out they’re huge fans of the movie.
This is only the second time they’ve had a neighbor come knocking while camping.
And the other time it happened, it was a request to turn the music up.
He seems a bit like Richard Feynman, mischievous.
They save the day with a quality speaker.


  

Riff Raff and Magenta
  

Happy hour starts at 16:00 Jack and Sheila arrive.
It took 3 cocktails to get Jack into her clothes.
Just like our fire pit, it’s big and it’s black.  
“We’re celebrating MLK day.”


  



Vondra arrives in a wedding veil.
She looks like a sweet old lady, but don’t let that fool you.  She’s vivacious
Gung ho for taking the bus to Key West for some wild times.


We shoot our squirt guns during the scene where they approach Frank N. Furter’s castle.
OK guys, that’s enough squirting.
Oh, it’s actually raining.
We cover up the electronics.
It’s raining and that means Fireball.
Pass out shots until we polish off the bottle.
  



Technical issues with the DVD, switch over to the USB drive.
Ranger approaches, there’s been a noise complaint.  Please turn it down a bit.
Dave’s a volunteer, so he’s got some clout, but this is the head ranger, the big boss.
And apparently, later we got a second complaint.  
Aww, but that’s why we invited the neighbors from both sides and we were wrapped up before quiet hours.
Well, the movie is not everyone’s cup of tea, but the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.  So much fun.
Already starting to plan Young Frankenstein for the next movie night


We’ve moved the camper closer to the trees.  The sound of scurrying on the roof.  
Dad watched a rat run up and down the awning.


Tuesday, 1/17/2017


Debbie comes by to return a bell, bless her heart.
(Jack says: “Dan and Debbie, that’s an easy one, double Ds”)
We talk a bit about the rats.  They killed one with an electronic trap.
And then we ran into Dan on the way over to the secret over-road lookout
He’s heard they may be palm rats, could be a wood rat, could be rattus norvegicus.


  

I hate sand.  It’s coarse and it’s rough and it gets everywhere.


Dad, the consummate method actor, is still in Riff Raff voice.


  

Checking out conditions on the other side of the island.
Looks flat enough.


11:57  Out on the kayaks and Dad spots dolphins right away.
And there’s a couple of Zodiacs out there
It’s Paul and Vondra and Jim and Marie
They give us the site for tonight’s happy hour, 46, 47, or 57
We’ll just head towards the noise.
  

“Doing any fishing?”
“No, I didn't feel like murdering anything today”
I’m in a mood to wrassle a shark.


  

Little, docile nurse shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum).
He seems to be sleeping, I got the advantage.


  

Salt, salt everywhere and not a drop for my drink.
We bought this big box to play the role of rice (without attracting critters)
It was cheap, 1209 servings.  But not quite coarse enough for margaritas.


  

Taco Tuesday
It looks like there are chew marks on our tomato.  Does that mean...?
Cut it off and try not to think about it.
  

Use tomatoes and Tequila to make a Bloody Maria


Another lovely low-key, high quality jam at happy hour.
We come home and have the long-awaited roasting of the hot dogs.
It’s a real fire, but we have to keep it under tight control, so as to not get an ember on the clam.
  



Wednesday, 1/18/2017
00:30, a noise wakes me up.
I’m chasing a rat around.
He ate a Dorito.
We’d been rather good about securing food, but overlooked this small bag.
I gather up the trash and take it out.   A fearsome scurrying In the dumpster,  an ibis walks away nonchalantly 
  

Back at the trailer, the parents come out and assist.
Where is he?
Shine around, he runs out, from behind the chair and past us.
Maybe out the trailer, via bathroom pipage or into the bedroom
Pouring bleach and patching entrances, hopefully we’re secure.
Maybe it was revenge for the noise.  
If Vondra has one tomorrow…
Next movie night is Willard


Spend a wonderful day on the water.
Kayak east in the morning, quick lunch, paddle board west, some snorkeling.
Bonnetheads, relatives of hammer heads.  They look really cool.
  



  



  

The makeshift Cuban sailboat is a 57 Chevy 


  

  

I disembark from my Kayak and climb through mangroves to salvage a buoy.  We’re gonna turn it into BB-8


  

A weird sort of floating rock.
  

  

We’ve gathered up hermit crabs (Paguroidea *) and study them.  We’ve provided some spare shells in case anyone’s in the market for a new one.
This big shell we thought was empty.
“That is not dead which can eternal lie.
And with strange aeons, even death may die”
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
  



  

Lobsters (Panulirus argus).


  

Chasing around a weird-looking Batfish (Ogcocephalus pantostictus).
  

He’s a celebrity.  I recognized him from my Darwin playset


  



  

A brief visit to the happy hour at Andy’s.  
Starting the process of final farewells.
Try some fish that Jack and Sheila caught had cooked up at Sparky’s.  Coconut encrusted, with a tasty sauce.
Coconut drink then to sleep.
  



  

  

  



Thursday, 1/19/2017
It's 00:30, the time of the rat.
Awake with a start, a brush of the foot.  The brown shadow scurries past.  
He's skittish, he'll hide, but he'll also stare me down
With those small black eyes ("a doll's eyes")
They do have a certain cute charm.
But they’re not allowed inside.
No.  Not at all.
  

  



  

Rob lends us his electronic trap
Back at home, I get a text from Mother:  “Is this the guy?”
The deed is done.  A bittersweet, Pyrrhic victory.
Goodnight, sweet prince.
  

  



The weather is great today.  Flawless, flat seas.
Get a little bit of water time in before it’s time to leave.
Is that a shark?  
No, that’s a duck.  [The face emerging from the water does look like a fin]  
Ok, that's a shark  
  



Pick up a Sea Urchin (Diadema antillarum) with the net.  Watch it writhe, weirdly.


Volunteer Dave comes by, “I got my official hat on, so you better be good.”


I left my trench coat in the trailer.  Borrow Dad’s Intren gear.


13:19  Miami International Airport
TSA agent looks at my ID, then looks at me:  “Why’d you cut your hair?”
I do it once a year on January 1 
Oh...


81 degrees on takeoff
45 on landing


Appendix A:  Adventures in Space
  
  

  

  





Appendix B:  Safety Dave's Safety Corner
*   Do not set the clam on fire
*   Do not hammer hammers          
*   Do not set firewood on fire            
*   Do not expose sunscreen to the sun  
*   Do not chop your fingers off when opening coconuts  
*   Seriously, get that fire away from the clam
