MM 1,375
2/5
MM 159
MM 56
2/6
2/7 Thursday
MM 37
MM 30
2/8 Friday
2/9
MM 47
2/10
2/11
2/12
2/13
MM 0
2/14


MM 1,375


  

I call dad on his birthday
Ryan is already there
Come hungry.  Victoria wants to go to Rubios.
You like tacos, right?
No, it wasn’t a question.
You like tacos 🥟
Tortillas packed and ready to go.


Checkin on my phone, they email me a boarding pass
No checked luggage, airplane travel with minimal hassle


Lee takes a break from prepping for his interview to drive me to the airport.
Listen to some Dr. Gameshow in the car
I’m making my way through the final Earwolf episode
Thanks to all the Trevors out there.
Alex, please!


2/5
  

MM 159
Land and coordinate my retrieval.
I sent my location to ma
Not realizing it was only Ryan and Victoria who drove up to get me


At Rubios
Bacon & Shrimp Burrito
“A burrito is just a taco that’s grown up”


Drive down to Curry Hammock
The route brings back memories
Remembering the manatees
It’s only my second time in the keys so it’s specific brief scenes and photographs
Not the elaborate mosaic that comes with real familiarity with a place
Last time I had an early start, the result of a canceled flight
This time night falls before we reach our destination


Stop by the Publix for supplies.  Ham, beer
3 cases of Bubly
  



Transition down to one pair of pants


A man that steals American Airlines blankets is more dangerous than a man with a sleeping bag


  

MM 56
  2/6
In the morning Ryan is looking for his Iquana buddy
He usually sits in the tree here


  



2 of the paddle boards are leaking
I take the red riot kayak
Eagle rays
  

It’s 81 degrees here, 35 back home
  



  



  

Making pizza with dough that got a little puffed up   
  

  

Then camp ice cream


Blowing conchs at sunset
Too windy for a fire


Wake up, walk the beach, pop a couple of man-o-wars
Pack up and prepare for the transfer to Bahia Honda


2/7 Thursday
  

MM 37


Take the boat out.  Chase some critters around, touching sharks.
  

Settle down on the sand bar
Jim & Marie, Paul & Vondra


Marie had a nightmare re Ryans chipped hand


  

  

  



MM 30
No name key


  



I once accidentally played the uncensored version of stand by me on the radio
But wait, there aren’t any obscenities in that song
Oh, but there are when Pennywise plays it


No name pub
  



  
  

Back home to Bahia for sunset
  

Head across the street to the Jim&Marie’s good water site for happy hour.
Ranger Dave Butcher shows up, looking stern
Counting heads.  15, 16, 17...
Then he points to himself and laughs:  18


  

Tucker is a cute little pup what looks like cuddly duddly


Ryan and I saw a Dinosaur
Maybe it was a lizard, iguana walking on its back legs
But definitely was a dinosaur


  

Back to the homesite to hatchet open some coconuts 
  



  

  

2/8 Friday
  

Morning routine, walking the beach, looking for treasures
Like a cruise ship, we’re heckled for blocking the sun
“Down in front!  You make a better door than a window”
She sounds like a jovial Awkafina, with a comfortable familiarity 
“Good thing you all have small heads!”
Maybe it’s the whiskey in her coffee
“Y’all have a nice day”


  



Drinking coffee to celebrate Friedlieb Ferdinand Runge




  
  



Throwing sticks in the water and sometimes the needlefish jump over them


  

Stop by the sand sculpture
  

There’s a lady here full of questions
The artist is accommodating but has a slightly sardonic wit.  
“Is that all ya got?”
Soliciting suggestions.
A bird lands on the sculpture.  Ma suggests a bird nest.
She suggests sea turtles.  Already planned.
An eagle ray.  Already planned.


Ryans last day, walking the park, cheeseburgers in paradise, keeping Dave out of the sun
He’s bequethed me the clam, aka the master bedroom


Head to Burdine’s for the Mudder’s weekly get-together
Peter coaches Ma on names
And she passes them on to me


  

We receive a bag of aloe from Bo, whose birthday it is
A gracious man
He grew up here
Saw it change dramatically
Far beyond even the major changes my parents saw from hurricane Irma


  





2/9
  

MM 47


Wake up, assess the weather
Not good enough to spend on the water
  

  

  

  



  

Chasing the rainbow we spot Marie taking pictures
But she’s only seen the bird


Flea Market for donuts
Ma guides Glen & Marie to throw pillows


  

I was sceptical
At first I was afraid
But it turns out that Italian tacos are a distinct and spectacular thing
Garlic & seasoning for the tortilla
beef/pork sausage (or chicken) 
white cheesy sauce 
tomatoes


  

CVS liquor store
Old man mumbling to himself
“There’s my old friend, whiskey”
“This’ll do” picking up a bottle of Vodka
Reading a phone number from a piece of paper to get the discount
It doesn’t work (the number is disconnected)
Instead he buys airplane bottles
Stoli next to the Skye
“It’s a brave new world out there.  That’s why I drink”


  

  



  

  



You can't go anywhere in a hurry.
Keysie time means stopping to chat.  That's the price of being popular.


Rob has a collection of raw and refined materials


Marie and ma make fish ornaments


Mini coconuts, sea almonds, nuts of various flora, evoking various fauna.
This coconut wants to be a manatee
Rob and Gale debate the merits of eyes
It's my coconut, says Rob and it's  getting the bugged out goofy eyes, not the soulful shells


  



We arrange a small outing to Sunset Grille  


As we maneuver the tables the hostess goes aghast
We're reasonable people, we all understand waitstaff have zones, we would have complied with a simple “I'm sorry, but...”
She went into full freakout mode and without provocation remained there
And this is the same place that told Ma “We don’t judge” when she forgot to bring her shoes


The Meecham clan is here.  They’ve taken over the pool
Tom brings over a plate of fish.  “Here’s an appetizer”
It’s a Cero Mackeral he caught 


Is that a thong under her white shirt?
“I’m not sure it’s supposed to be”
“Dave quit staring”


If everyone’s happy with it it was Anita’s idea
If they’re mad it was Dave’s
I can take the blame 
Back home to the cold


Jack says something off-color
Sheila doesn’t quite hear it, but says “Dave, don’t write that down”
Ma:  “That’s a surefire way to get it written down”


We came here for the pool, but the clouds put a damper on that plan
Next time we won’t wait for the official start of happy hour


My face is still red, but the aloe has been working miracles
I wear my shirt when it’s sunny, to protect me from the sun
Mom wears it when it’s cloudy to protect her from the cold
We are the three crones, the Stygian Witches
  



2/10


Morning combing
The beach is trash and treasures


Little things distinguish the state parks 
At first the names are interchangeable like the cats Ceviche and Pulpo
But after spending time with them, I learn the distinct personalities.
Bahia has the nature center and the marina 
It feels to me like Curry has a more intimate relationship with the waterfront and Bahia a more industrious one
From Bahia seven mile bridge makes it look like every car has strobe light headlights




At Camper’s Coffee Rob plays the dulcimer
“Barefoot runs in the family”


It rains off and on
Wind flaps around the clam


“Jokes were told” ~ Vondra


Coordinating the hot dog party
“It’s gonna be a good flippin’ hotdog party!”


Logistical morass
Paul ducks out. I hate this part
Who is where when? we have a struggle to remember just our own schedule
And it cant be on a boating day.  water time takes precedence but is at the whim of weather
It always comes back to Pam and her beans
Maybe it's tomorrow, but thats too flippin' soon.
I cover my ears when the language escalates from flippin'
An oddity re sam and max, oh brother where art thou.
It's weekend all winter long
Except we all went to the flea market today, so we should know it's Saturday.


Marie exhorts
Jon needs to practice 30 minutes a day
Practice the banjolini,  the banjolele
Anything that gets Anita the Golden ticket
Entry into the musicians’ tent


Hot Dog Party 🌭


I take a turn on the sunset conch
“Dave, your sunburn is returning”


  

  

Playing catchphrase in the clam
Boys and girls
Then all play


Marie starts every clue with “Oh shit!”


Sodom and Gomorrah
How'd you get that?
We have a Dave connection


“It’s the whiskey talking”
“Are you a pothead, Fokker?”


We’re practicing the phrase “Irish Goodbye” and its various permutations.


Four hot dogs!?


Paul thinks of himself as a Greek Goddess
But that setup just gets him called Pillsbury Doughboy


Ma gets a text, I have a new 1st cousin once removed
Bri had her baby: Memphis


Peer pressure to catch up
No one is allowed to remember the insanity
But I remember my DARE training and just say no.
To the honeyed call of whiskey
The vodka airplane bottles littering the table.




2/11  
On our morning walk we check the final form of the sand sculpture
He’s gone and put a manta ray head on an eagle ray body
Mother is distraught
  



  

Unholy Trippel
Too hoppy, more like an IPA
“Pairs perfectly with Cuban Devil crab”


Morning kayak off of no-name
Guy said my kayak is small


Ma gets a message
So we head back to camp and hop on the boat
Head out to sea to see our friends
Paul & Vondra, Jim & Marie
On the water we coordinate a secret taco night
  



As the sun sets we’re invaded by sunset seekers
  



2/12


  



Mudders potluck
  

Skylar is like a shark he keeps dancing, keeps moving
A bundle of energy
  



  

Brende made a key lime pie just for me


Maybe it's the green tea talking…


Peter leans in with a conspiratorial whisper
impish grin and a gleam in his eye


Chris is an amazing musician
In the venn diagram of mudders and the others, this one goes in the intersection


2/13
Lightning in the distance over the water.
Wind is picking up.  We pack up the clam.
Now it’s raining hard.


MM 0


  

Parking.  One of ya is gonna have to take one for the team.  It's gonna be you [dad]
“I didn't and that's why I'm divorced”


  

A brief taste at the rum distillery


  

Mel Fisher maritime museum


  

Schooner Wharf Bar


  

Are you guys together?
These are my parents
They look so young!
Nice jacket!
Don't Panic
I'm panicking!


Check in and stop by Irish Kevins to buy Ma a shirt
And listen to some entertainment


  

42 dollars for a round of Mojitos with a Cuban band that’s on par with Karaoke
“You guys can walk with those”
  



  

Don't have a plan, but to court serendipity
Still running on reduced endurance from sickness
Wandering the streets looking for happy hours, or just for amusement
Diminishing returns as familiarity replaces novelty
Stickin' it out for sheer cussedness
Mix in a little intoxication
And now nothing seems serious


Pantomiming lewd actions with Mr. Bill
Her accent sounds exactly like a caricature
A screeching, slurring attempt at posh received pronunciation
I'm still not sure if she's really from that part of England or just having a lark
  

  



Down the street to Aqua


  

Back at Irish Kevin’s for NY Paulie
“Team B has pluck”


Rose selling guy spots my “Don’t Panic” pin
Calls me out on not knowing where my towel is.


2/14


  

  

Dad got stung
