November 20.  Travel Day
Starting the trip with trepidation
The stresses of never being quite sure that it’s the right day
Left some comments on a code review, checked my email.  That was a bad idea
Focus on the road, my singular purpose, leave all that behind.  Driving into the unknown
Cops and an ambulance in front of a store whose name appears to be Guns and Ammo.  This is America.
Almost 9 AM, ~300 miles to the next turn.  
I think that was the second buff shark I saw on the back of a truck.    Maybe it was the same truck.
Signs for Meramec caverns.  It starts to feel like a vacation
Does this count as travel, broadening my horizons?
Puerile billboards outside the city of Uranus.
I don’t know...


Yeah, I suppose you could wash clothes in the dishwasher.
But I wouldn’t do it at the same time you’re washing dishes


Scenery is nice. Pulls me from my reverie, my fugue state.
I guess my attention was elsewhere.  I wonder what my visual cortex was doing in the down time
I hate driving.  
My mind likes to wander.  When you’re driving you need to remember to move this thing in a way that keeps you not-dead
Skipping, skipping, looking for a song to make me smile.  Listening to music, trying not to think of anything.  
Put some trust in the limbic system




This little block of technology in my lap
Phone informs me I’m getting Slack messages.  Text Messages.  WhatsApp.
Gaudy flashing animated sign, Candy Factory 0 miles, Taffy, straight out of Tokyo
Across the street from a barn, some farm land, some woods, desolate waste land, cyberpunk dystopia future


Kind of bored, but glad to be
Something of a luxury


Timid by nature, not really competitive, but god damn if I don’t want to win this game called driving
I mean, I always defer to speed demons, but sometimes I have silly spars with those that drive like me


It’s afternoon now.  Oklahoma.  Shoulder aches, fatigue starting to set in.


  

Driving down highway 69
Sign says 34 days to Christmas
That doesn’t seem remotely plausible
The weather is so warm, but trees are dead
I got my November hair, but it doesn’t feel right
I should have shaved it in August or wear a weave or a wig


Amish Cheese House.  Across the street from a dispensary
And then a 50’s diner.  I don’t know what’s going on here.


Road work next 8 miles
Bridge may ice in cold weather
Hitchhikers may be escaping convicts


Flat country, boring country.  Streets and towns I’ll never visit
The sky is nothing but clouds and not a single one of them in an interesting shape


4 o’clock, I’m in Texas
Exhausted, but not too sleepy
Can’t find my sunglasses.  Driving directly into the setting sun


Deliver the air hockey table
Use it or burn it, I'm done with it
Complete set, 2 pucks, two paddles
But you might need to overclock it or clean out some dirty air holes


  



  

Eating the soup.  Tortilla chicken soup, I add extra tortilla, my own supply
And coriander chutney - It’s Thanksgiving chutney I bought last year for Thanksgiving.
The traditional Cranberry Chutney candle, however, is mysteriously and conspicuously absent.


Drink a shiner, Texas beer
Wash away some of the trail dust
I'm no stranger to sitting on my ass all day, but starting to get some saddle sores
Guy on the side of the road in a cowboy hat
Giant state flag.  Finally feels like Texas.


Ryan vjs YouTube videos, random madness
Taskmaster, James Acaster
Taco Casa commercials.  Crunchy licious
Making plans to eat tacos every day


Sentences written purely by phone’s 3 suggested words:
Yeah I'm going to try and be in touch with the folks.
Haha 😄 🤣 😂 you are so awesome and I am very excited about the possibility that you are going through this morning
I think it'd be a great idea to take some time for the next couple weeks to come by turtles 🐢 


November 21
Folks head off to watch Victoria ride a horse
I play Nintendo.  Power pad and pro wrestling
Didn't win a single match at wrestling but did get to chew on someone's head, so I'm happy
  

  



  

This guy knows how to party


  

Paul the robot


  

It doesn’t even taste like corn dogs.  Or so I’m told
  



  



November 22
Taco Casa today.  Were going to get 7, but it’s like 40 cents to bump it to 12


  

  

  



  



November 23
  



Sampling whiskeys, even the fancy stuff
As seen on TV, Better Call Saul
  



November 24
  

  





  
  



  

Sit outside and watch the lightning.  Hope the trailer doesn’t blow away


November 25
Eggs in the instant pot didn't cook enough.
Boil them in a pot, microwave the test subject .
It exploded 


Bacon grease fire, burn the expired pancake mix
  

  



The aftermath is dinosaur tracks
  



November 26 Thanksgiving
Elote - A New Thanksgiving tradition 
  



  

Mnke is a narwhal today
Playing spoons and taco cat goat cheese pizza.
Not exactly Covid friendly games
One card in particular seems disproportionately popular
Save the 8s


Today I’m dominating at Pro Wrestling
  

Mnke aka MX dethroned POO as high score on pinball


November 27 Christmas


Truck has been repaired.  Now we can pick up a tree.
  



Merry Friggin Christmas
Traditions.  Ours are mostly recently adopted.  
Something symbolic to make sure it is Christmas, even though its still November
Poppers, Mexican standoff style, turned out to be a bad idea, my toy landed in the tree.
  

  



November 28 My Birthday
  



Escape room
The background lore, narrative, quantity, and quality of puzzles was definitely better than most of the professional escape rooms that we've done.
Starts with a letter from a lawyer, announcing the mysterious death of Ryan
Flavor artifacts in the backyard, solid pirate curse / zombie theme.
No stone unturned (eventually) opens the garage
Usage of green yellow red color scheme
Provides clues and red herrings
Unlocking the ATM with 42 was a nice touch.  
We found the critical clue behind the painting, but forgot about it with too many tangents before we got to the combo part
Next to the workshop
  

  

Hard to pick a favorite but I really liked the parrot providing the magnet to unlock the cracker box.
  

And in-jokes like the toothpaste
  

“I literally sawed off the arm and the leg off a baby”


  

  





  

The mantis is dead, I do declare
Or at least in tun or torpor
I stick my finger in his pincher 
And he doesn’t even flincher


  

I’m not usually a fan of cake, it’s too much like bread.  A slog, a chore
But this one is rich and fudgy, the tortilla of cakes.  I approve


  

A gift, a skull, you can put in the fire.
Best birthday ever!


  

Tommy D shows up and we make the Shakshuka


  

Drink some bloody shark ice cubes
