5/28/10
        Memorial Day Weekend
        Destination Herrin Festa
        parents arrive at 23:30
        putting stuff in the fridge
        ma starts jumping and hollering
        about Worcestershire sauce on the foot
        with a heap of extra syllables in the middle
        "that isn't a real thing.  you just made it up"
        it was really a bottle of soy sauce
        "it tastes different on your burger
        but feels the same on your foot"
        Dad keeps a straight face
        and I keep laughing
        "that's why I like Dave"


5/29/10
        driving down the road
        we forgot to pack catch phrase so I write a quick tcl/tk script
        to pull a random word from /usr/share/dict/american-english
        many of the word's end up with apostrophe's at the end
        regardles's of how inappropriate it would be to make the word possessive


          We arrive in town and watch the parade
          I ride in the chair in the back of the truck
          rendezvous with Ryan who drove down on his Motorcycle
          He hasn't slept or eaten in a day or so
          he's fading in the heat
          I tried to make him eat a cookie, but he won't
  

  
  





        I buy a stainless steel mecha-squirrel nutcracker from an antique store named "Lots o' Stuff"
        "I think that is 15 dollars.  I know, because it was in my house.  It was a wedding present."
        We carry it around and take pictures of it and make crude nut cracking jokes
  
  



        to the fairground - Joey is quite insistent that I ride the scrambler with him
        so Heather hands me a ticket and I go on
  
  

  
  

        Ah, Americana.  


  

        I hold a little hand in my big hand
        carry a little child on my back
        in those eyes I see my past
          and I see the future coming fast


5/30/10
          We go for a walk in the park
          Mother taking pictures of dragon flies drops her glasses in the lake
          Ryan reaches in and manages to recover them
  
  
  
  



        the freaks come out of the woodwork here
        except that they never really had to hide there
        they just step out of farms and fields in full camo
        townhouses and saloons in flannel and trucker hats
        we play a game of redneck bingo
        looking for someone with all their teeth
        for a teenager that doesn't have a kid


          I am introduced to Slow Ride, a very gregarious gentleman
          who is loud and obviously intoxicated
          Over the course of the conversation he's repeated everything he said
          Ryan is returning his repaired laptop.
          Apparently, he really likes Ryan:
          "I love this guy.  He can kill you at 100 meters and steal anything from the Internet."  Keeps going on about how he's from around here, but met Ryan in Chicago.
          "but where were you on his 21st birthday?  he didn't throw up on you, he threw up on me.  he threw up on my body"


        the woman struts her stuff down the fairway, quite physically attractive
        but her hideous self shows through her painted face
        scrunched and aloof and bitchy, contemptuous
        and I know the world don't give a shit about balance
        because she's surrounded by so many people ugly both inside and out


  

        A four year old girl took this picture




  
  

  



5/31/10
        As part of the festivities Mnke gives a speech at the doughboy statue
        thanking the outgoing Cobra commander.  My brother is now assuming the role


        driving back to Missouri in the pickup truck
        she offers me a snack from the plastic bag
        an apple leftover from the classroom
        feeding the meal worms that turn into beetles
        David:   "If I eat this apple..."
        Mother:  "No, you won't turn into a meal worm"
        David:   "Thanks, but what I was going to ask was what am I supposed to do with the core and the sticky mess."


          we stop the BBQ festival in St. Louis
          get some ribs and listen to a bit of music
