Memorial Day
  

It’s more than likely that our car will be swept away into the river
But in case it isn’t: remember that we parked next to the dead fish
Through olfactory prowess we can get blind drunk and still find the car  
Ah, so this is how the fish died.
Don’t do drugs, kids.
A bedraggled young man and his female companion approach the Hyatt door man.
“I need beer.  Where do I go?”  “Booze”
It’s 9am.




There is only five to a tram.  We’ll need to take two.
“I want to sit next to Dave.  I want to sit next to Dave.  You can sit in the middle.”
At the last minute Joey nearly has a change of heart.  Wants to ride with his Mother.
But he changes back to his original plan, riding up the arch, only semi-nervous.
At one point he does clutch the young stranger sitting next to him.
The girl group spent the ride singing a song about a pretty kitty.
Still not sure what that elusive last line is.




You almost stepped on that orange egg.
What do you mean, that’s chap stick?  It looks like roll-on deodorant
Well, some people got big lips.  


  
Waving Angry Robots Drinking Coffee  (dot com)
  

No, robot Geppetto, please don’t hit me.




“I like your purse, Dave.  Where did you get it?”  
“I was afraid we lost Dave, because he has the Pringles in his purse”
Lunch at the Blues Festival
Stopping in the gardenpark so the kids can get sopping wet.  
No, you can’t get a gyro here, that’s the wrong festival.  Get some BBQ
A round of drinks and songs at the Pork Shop
It’s looking sadly under-populated.  The rain has kept the crowds at bay.
To Des Peres for the Greek Festival
We share a table with some strangers.  “You don’t bite, do you?”  “No, I’m nice.”
“Maybe it’s the Ouzo talking, but this gyro is really good”
Added to the Family Idioms
Put honey on it, we’ll make it desert.
As the folk dancers are now cleaning tables
We pass the time trying to figure out how stoned the bleary-eyed blonde Vasily is.
“Look at him and tell me he’s not...”
The greek coffee is nice and crunchy, but not super-strong.  Tastes like instant.


To old St. Charles for the Irish Festival
  

Trying to find a kilt in my size.  The salesman’s confidence gives way to resignation.  
People as thin as me just aren’t meant to wear them.


  

Where am I going to put this harp after I win it?  
Another great Irish sing-along.  A slight cheat, pulling up lyrics on mobile devices.  All for me grog, indeed.
Red-headed Strangers-no-longer


  

A horse-drawn carriage ride




  

A morning spent at the zoo.  Touching sting rays.


Dad, your shadow has a hunchback and a bucket on his head.
