AJB


  



This is a set of encyclopedias from my mom’s. It’s one of 3 sets that we had that we used for all of our reports and research papers. Volumes 13 & 14 have always been missing, so we couldn’t do a report on anything starting with an “s” or a “t”. I used spend a lot of time just looking through the books. The blue paint matches the railing at the top of the stairs. Someone wasn’t careful.




  

  

These are random things from my childhood. The decorative blue goose egg I bought from an “International Folk Festival” in Milwaukee while in high school. I thought it was so beautiful at the time. I gave it to Mom for her birthday. – 1976 or ’77 I believe. It is the first egg in her egg collection, although she really did not start collecting eggs until many years after that.


The little bud vase I gave to Mom for Mother’s Day in the early ‘70’s I believe. I walked up to the local drug store (Gunglar’s) and bought it. I thought it was so pretty and delicate. It had 2 yellow silk flowers in it. I don’t remember if they came with it. I think I bought them separate.


The blown glass egg is painted on the inside and Dad (Jon) and I bought it for Mom probably in the 80’s maybe early ‘90’s. I think it was from a craft vendor at Hawthorn (Westfield) Mall in Vernon Hills. Around Christmas they would have indoor craft shows.


The plastic Easter Bunny was from my basket (or maybe it was actually in Lisa or Kim’s) but I totally remember getting one filled with those little pastel colored candy dots.




  

The table scarf I bought for Mom on our trip to Cuba. It was bought from a vender outside the sugar factory in Santiago de Cuba. The ladies would sit there and make these scarves and other items.


The box Jon made for my Dad. I don’t remember for what occasion, probably his birthday sometime in the late 80’s early ‘90’s.


The doll I made for Mom. Dad (Jon) and I did a few craft shows in our “leaner years”. Mom came to a show with us one time and really liked one that I sold, so I made one for her. I don’t think she liked it quite as much. I worked with used clothing and scarves so I couldn’t duplicate the one I sold.


  

A bunch of old ornaments from my childhood tree. We didn’t have a lot of money growing up so I’m sure they were not expensive. The Santa knick-knack was part of a pair. I don’t know what happened to the Mrs. I suppose she got broken. But Santa goes way back. He was always part of our Christmas.




  

These ornaments aren’t quite so old. The wooden ornaments are from my Mom’s “I love wooden ornaments” phase. The wooden horse came in a bucket with candy in it. Mom and I bought that in Long Grove. Dave and Mike each have one as well. (Ryan wasn’t around yet). I made the cloth star sometime in my childhood. The squirrel, rabbit, house, and the wooden box were gifts to mom. Hey,.. there’s Santa again!


  

 Gone


This is “the angel”. This is the only tree topper that I remember my family ever having until I moved out of the house. I remember the original “candles” in her hand burned out or something and Dad replacing them with those. I’m not sure what happened to her original halo, but I believe I am the one who fashioned this stylish replica. Placing the angel on top of the tree was always the final touch. Then we would turn on the lights and admire the tree, complete with “oooos and aaahs”.




  

These are the leather working tools I used to make my leather lamp that used to hang in my little cove. I remember going to Tandy Leather in Waukegan with my dad to pick out the tools. I used buy my moccasin kits from there as well. I went through several pair because for several years that was all I wore.




  

  

This plate is part of the everyday dishes that we use growing up. I believe most or all of the plates were broken over the years. The apron is one of my Mom’s fancy “for company” aprons although I don’t really ever remember having company for dinner. She always wore an apron when cooking, especially if it was a big meal.




  

These bookends came from my Dad’s house in Virden. I’m not sure who they actually belonged to.


  

Cookie jar from my mom’s house. Probably bought in the 90’s since my boys remember the cookies coming from a Tupperware container on top of the refrigerator. Dad was always worried that the boys were going to “eat him out of house and home” !




  

Used to sit on my dad’s dresser. He’d throw his change, cuff links, (when he wore them), etc. in there.




  

The Asplundh mug was apparently some kind of an award or something. The Miller is one of the mugs that I remember my dad drinking his beer out of. Weekend evenings we would usually see my dad drinking beer and eating some type of nuts (peanuts, mixed nuts, beer nuts – he’d sometimes spruce up a can of mixed nuts by adding additional cashews). He’d usually fall asleep at some point with the peanut skins and crumbs all over his tummy.




  

A set of beer mugs from my dad’s. I don’t know where they came from.




  

The wire trivet was used every Thanksgiving which is the only time I remember the whole family gathering for a meal. It was always a big deal. The kids would watch the Macy’s parade while mom prepared the meal. When it was close to dinnertime. We’d help pull out the table and put on the pads and tablecloth and set the table. The leaf shape glass dish always held olives and the rectangular glass dishes would hold pickles. The wheat plate really doesn’t belong here. Although I suppose we used it until we got the “special” dishes from Welton’s. Mom would pick up a set each week when she’d shop.
(Saturday was grocery-shopping day.)




  

This belonged to my Mom’s, Mom’s Mom (My great-grandma Thorman) I never met her. She died before I was born. It's hand painted.








  

From Grandma Thorman. It was used for milk that was obtained directly from the cows on their farm.








  

From my Grandma Orth (my mom’s mom) I really didn’t even know her that well, although we’d spend a week there every other year or so. She really never spent time with us kids, we’d mostly hang out in the yard and occasionally hang-out with neighborhood kids or cousins.




  

These are from Grandpa Orth.
  

Emma Thorman Orth
Moms moms mom






  

I’m not sure where these came from originally. I do remember, as a kid, watching his eyeball move back and forth. Elaine remembers that as well and she really wanted these too. They may have been a prize to my dad from a company Christmas party.




  

These came from my Dad’s basement, again I don’t know where they came from originally.




  

Apparently this was my mom’s cigarette case with built in lighter. I don’t remember her using it, but my older sisters do. I’m guessing it’s from the 40’s when smoking was considered elegant.


  

The ashtray, I believe my uncle Don sent it to my Mom during WWII. It sat on the shadow box in the hallway for many, many years. Gone The ugly vase, I don’t know where it came from, but I always remember seeing it.




  

I’m not sure where this came from, but Mom used to always serve deviled eggs in it. It eventually became her “thing to bring” to dinner gatherings with my family.








  



Butter dish from Mom’s, again not sure where it came from originally.




  

From Mom’s, not sure where it came from originally, but I do remember it from my youth.




  

The purple Fuller Brush man letter opener was on my Mom’s desk for as long as I can remember. I vaguely remember the fuller brush man coming to our house, back in the day of the door to door sales men. He’d bring a brown leather case filled with all kinds of brushes, hair brushes, scrubbing brushes, etc… This was probably a “Thanks for letting me come in” kind of gift. Mom would usually be guilted into buying something. 
The dish has the stamp VCHS, which would be for “Virden Community High School” where Dad went to school.








  

  

Miscellaneous dishes from Mom’s house. The  square dish always had black olives in it for Thanksgiving or other big holiday dinners. The ice cream scoop was the one we always used for ice cream. For birthdays, we always had the glass of warm water nearby to rinse off and warm up the scoop for easier scooping.




  

This was taken off Hitler’s train. My Dad claim’s that he took it while Hitler was sleeping on the train, that part was exaggerated of course, but I love the story nonetheless. Russell is now the proud owner of this piece. Being the history buff and teacher, we felt he should have it.


  



Not an heirloom, just the wall I painted in my bedroom.
  

  



  

Made by me in high school. 




________________


DJB


  

  

My garter snake named boa arrived in this lunch box
Dad isn't particularly fond of snakes, but he captured one just for me.


  

Plates from Grandma on the hill
Great Grandma Cerk


  

From Dad's godmother for his high school graduation 


  

Spoons that were given to Grandma R from ma and mnke


  



  

Gift to mom from grandma back when the decor was Victorian and antique-y


  

From Grandpa Bennett


  

From great great grandma Minnie Schultz Thorman
My mom's mom’s dad's mom


  

Miniatures from Grandma Bennett


  

Haunted heartland from Grandma B, shortly after parents marriage, she was always into that ghostly stuff
Old school encyclopedias
Travel books


Harvard classics bought from a traveling salesman


  

Bought by Dad on boy scout trip to Galena for his mom so that she could read by the lamp light


  

Parents from Jamaica


  

Father’s father is somewhere in this picture
http://www.mesec.org/coppermine/displayimage.php?album=lastup&cat=13&pos=8
Povžarsko žegnanje v Ameriki, klanje polža,
Squash in America, slaughtering a snail


Delete the first word:
sniffing in America, slaughtering a snail
Change the v to na:
snooping on America, slaughtering a snail
Change the ž to z:
hanging on America, slaughtering a snare
