Thursday, 8/17
Day of Die Antwoord
Wearing my DARE shirt to the Love Drug tour show


Making a plan
  

  



  



Saturday, 8/19
  

1030  Arrived at compound
Mnke is on a tractor
I help him clean up the yard a bit
  

Soon enough the parents arrive in the camper
We park the beast and then head into the city.


1300  Rounding out our eclipse-themed snacks.
Moon pies have been elusive, I got Star Crunch instead
But we find that the Rotary club is selling them.
We buy four of the minis.
  

  



1730  Get an order of elote while watching the Green Day cover band, American Idiot
The crowds are anemic, but fairly fun.
This guy in tie dye is having a crazy good time.
Over here is someone Ma described as a “walking mullet”
“His outfit says party, but his composure says business”


  

Dad vandalized this sign right in front of the department of homeland security


Hard pass on the Fleetwood Mac cover band.
Instead we head over to Big Muddy to find the Galaxy Ride.
Not entirely sure what to expect.
I drink another Dark Noon.
Russian Imperial.
Buy the t-shirt.
  

  

A presentation that rivals nature’s fireworks
You can pet it, but “Please don’t poke the moon rock”
  

Looking at Saturn through a telescope.


Sunday, 8/20
Chickens got in the car.
Ate Elisha’s tortillas.
  

Rocket is an untenable tenant


  

Mnke is avoiding civilization altogether.
We head back out and visit campus.
Pick up NASA swag.
  

Cruise the strip, then head out of town.
  

1400  Lee arrives. 
  

We head back into town.
Another round of drinks at Hangar 9.
Street vendors, but still a sleepy town.
  

  



  



Monday, 8/21
  

  



We head into town.
Lee seems to still be sleeping in his tent.
Our first bout with traffic, getting into parking.
Line for the shuttle is too long.
We walk to campus.
A couple miles. 


Looking through more telescopes.
Buy a round of Blue Moons and head into the stadium
  



Right on schedule a corner of the moon appears.
Exciting, but soon boring.
We head down to concessions for food.
  
  

I was nervous about the logistics of obtaining eclipse glasses, but they are plentiful and free.
The even gave us eclipse binoculars.


  

Time to do some science.


  

We got some stormtroopers and jedis.
That’s no moon.


1256  Band plays thriller.  They’re doing the moonwalk
Sun looks like a crescent moon.


  
(photo from mcalvin)
Totality is sublime.
View is obscured by one inopportune cloud.
Crowd cheers when the sun peeks through.
Diamond ring.


  

Walking back to the car, time for egress.
