bike_trip[0]  April 7, 2012
bike_trip[1]  April 15, 2012
Scotland2012
Friday, April 27 - Departure
Saturday, April 28 - Arrival
Sunday, April 29 - Science
Monday, April 30 - St. Andrews
Tuesday, May 1 - Glasgow
Wednesday, May 2 - Cairngorn
Thursday, May 3 - Meigle
Friday, May 4 - Edinburgh
Saturday, May 5 - Edradour
Sunday, May 6 - Fife
Monday, May 7 - Back home
bike_trip[2]  May 12, 2012
bike_trip[3]  May 19, 2012
bike_trip[4]  May 28 / June 2, 2012
June 10, 2012
Munzee Trip
Reynolds Reunion 2012
Columbus July 2012
STL JUG July 2012
bike_trip[0]  April 7, 2012
        I decided to buy a bike.
        This decision came after another lunchtime conversation about bikes at work.
        And a childhood spent on a bike.


        So it’s Easter weekend and I’m out and about with my parents.
        We stop at a bike shop.
        Afraid to enter.
        It’s going to be filled with bike enthusiasts and experts.
        All talking about gear ratios and tire sizes and treads.
        And all sorts of bike related gobbledygook.
        They’re going to know we’re imposters.
        They’re going to laugh at us.


        Well, the kid working the shop does ask all those bikey questions.
        But he’s actually pretty cool when we reveal we don’t know a thing about them.
        I take one for a test drive around the parking lot.  It’s just like riding a bike.


        We hit another shop to check out our options.
        And then another, where we spend some time on recumbents.
        So super comfy.  But this bike costs more than my car did.


        And then it’s Wal-Mart and I pick out a cheap Schwinn.
The chick at the counter with the guns and the ammos doesn’t care about gear ratios.
I tell her that I want to purchase a bike.  
She seems incredulous, confused, overwhelmed.
And profoundly uninterested.
Which bike?
This one.
We can assemble it for you.
        OK.
        Or how about you just take this one.
        We wheel over to the accessory aisle and pump up the tire.
Then put it in the back of the car and drive it home.


bike_trip[1]  April 15, 2012
        10:52
        After about an hour at work
        it’s time for my inaugural ride.
        Missouri River Greenway.
        It’s a windy day, overcast ahead.
        I’m leaning heavily, working muscles I haven’t used in a while.
  

        I take a sit on a sandbag at a felled sign at a crossroad.
        The group of bikers that were studying the map at the trail-head pass by.
        It might rain (again).  I hear frogs and traffic on I-64
  

        I sit and eat a Snickers egg at the rest stop.  
This trail will be a loop some day, passing very near my office.
The bike is light, aluminum.  It almost feels like I’m floating, as I’m drifting side to side
The bikes I had before were smaller, but sturdier.  
Sentences echo in my head before I get a chance to sit and write them.
  

  

        I find the little turtle near the end of the trail
        Near the river that is wide and rushing over flat rocks
        Fishermen, hunters, farmers on quads
  

        Three of the bigger guys in a row in the middle of the road.
        I moved two of them to the grass on the side.  
(That shell won’t save you, my friend)
        
  



Scotland2012 
Friday, April 27 - Departure
bags packed, depart home base.  Destination:  Lambert
this weekend is supposed to be rainy in STL.  A nice one to get away from.
I have only the slightest of a tentative plan
Grumpy Santa is the shuttle bus driver again.
He admonishes one of the travellers “That’s not a parking spot”
So Grandma gets worried, puts hand to mouth, “maybe I’m not in one either”
Then Santa confirms it.  “Should I move it?” she frets.
He rules his sleigh with an iron fist.  
The man that gave up his seat to an elderly woman and grabbed a hand rail
is told we can’t have anybody standing
  

This block of paper is keeping the back window from rattling.
Keep here to not keep hearing it.


I’m through security by 9:30 for a 11:45 flight
the caffeine from the Foosh is giving me a case of the jitters
but the nervous sense of foreboding starts to slip away.
I’m much more lithe having dropped off the 25 pounds of suitcase
that is clothes, but mostly beer.  Schlafly APA.
It seems a little ironic to be bringing alcohol into Scotland.


An old man in a nice hat walks out and yells “K-Bear?”
“I’m here.”  Is the response from the leather Harley Jacket wearing man
He walks through the magical hallway near the additional outlets sign
Another man picks up the phone and says “I’m with K-Bear”
He looks kinda nerdy, but sports a fine walrus mustache
  
  

  



Some Jackanape trying to do business on the bench in front of the hallway 
is talking loudly on his phone:
“There’s no lounge and no Internet so I’m kinda frustrated...
A Larry Flint Lounge!?  Cool!  …  
I’ll have to see what I can snatch up.”


The two mustachio’d men are joined by a young lady 
Who looks like she has a touch of romany blood.
Intense eyes peer out from under long bangs.
She’s waiting for K-Bear, too.
I’m more and more intrigued.
The man in the jaunty chapeau whisks the three away.


I’m about halfway through the Devil in the White City
I wander up and down the concourse, 
mapping out outlets, top off my phone
looking at faces.  Suits, camo, etc.
That man has a Lenovo.
  

I download tap fish on my phone so I can be like my dad
who pokes fish on his fire.
The fish on the splash screen has human eyes.  It kinda creeps me out.
  



The board says my plane is still on time, but a lot can happen in an hour.


Seat 13A  I am in the back row, next to the window and no one next to me
The flight attendant looks a bit befuddled, confused, agitated
while counting and marking on his paper
Is someone missing?  Is it me?  
It seems just like me to arrive 3 hours early then forget to get on the plane.


Take off.  I see evidence of humans, humans.  Houses, trucks.
And trees.  Despite all our sprawl there is still so much green.
It’s us and megaflora.  And the grass and crops.
But no megafauna.  No other animal makes its mark.
I want to see elephants from the sky.  Actually, I mean:  T-Rex.


Land in Toronto and clear customs.
The questions are innocuous enough:  
Where are you going?  Why?  
What do you do for a living?
But she asks them with such a snide and accusing tone
like she wants nothing more than for me to say the wrong thing.
Hey, I’m just passing through.
I had a minor debate with myself whether to put 0 or 1 day in Canada
There were three digits available, but I get the feeling they didn’t want decimals.
So I put zero.
But it also said print in all caps, but I didn’t see that until after I finished in Sentence case.
And somehow I got away with it.


  

  

This is a pretty nice airport.  Spacious and filled with sculptures.
A robotic Chinese voice blares at me in stereo.
A group by another terminal speaks mostly German


  

Near the Jelly Fish or Cthulhu a man is trying to walk past while I take the photo.  He stops.
I smiled, whispered thanks, but he just glared at me.  Not seeing the whimsy.
Or maybe he’s just travel-weary.  Maybe he’s just a grumpy person.
He has a pretty friendly face.  Looks like he could be a French programmer.
But the growl makes him look like an ulcer’d gendarme.  It doesn’t do him Justice.


I hear Tim Hortons is quintessential Canadian, but I’m not in a donut mood.
I try to grab a burger at Coyote Jack, but the crew there is debating, scrutinizing something
So I end up in a bicycle themed restaurant.
The guy who seats me has the look of:  a mechanic or a sinister henchman.
The girl at the table next to me sits alone, reading Hunger Games.
I order a brie&mushroom burger.  Overpriced, but tasty.
The waiter, he asks me: “Is it as nice out there as it looks?”
“No.  It’s rather chilly.”
“Well, it looks nice.  Where are you headed?”
“Edinburgh.”
“Business?”
“Pleasure.”
“A little bit of fun.  No beaches there, though.” he says with a subtle lisp and a flip of his wrist 
A spring in his step as he walks away.


When the waiter says “have a nice flight” I just say Thanks.  Conscious of the question that was asked.
A few steps later when his henchman says the same thing I add:  You too.
I quietly mumble acknowledgement that it wasn’t the right thing to say
But I’m sure he gets that all the time.  
His own fault, really.  
Reciprocation is a reflex.
He should just say “have a nice day”


I’m three hours into a six hour layover.  Looking at Canadian stamps.
  
It’s a flippin’ stamp museum in here.
It’s time for a drink.


  

I order a rum & coke from the rum bar
beer is the popular drink among the patrons here
Shaved head Canadian says: “Another Heineken when you get the chance”
but that bat stands so proud and inviting.  How can I reject him?
The coke is overpoweringly sweet.  I feel it on my teeth.  The rum is subtle.
I smell it faintly, but don’t feel its burn.
The font makes the word rom look weird.  A barcode, but curvy
I drop a NoDoz to counteract the alcohol.  Miles to go before I sleep.
My bar mates look like they desperately don’t want to talk.
Except maybe that Gray&Glasses.  To spill his guts about business or marital problems
(He puts on head phones).  Baldy might want to talk about the game.
A Chihuly / Pistol lamp that I didn’t really expect to see in a place like this
though it does look slightly like an extruded bottle
but in black and red it looks more Gigerous


The killer in the story I’m reading is bold, a disarming charmer
he makes me aware of the closedness of my body language
and in its rare moments of openness, its overt creepiness
that weird dichotomy of those people that I consciously distrust, but inherently enjoy 
I am in Toronto, headed to Scotland, 
reading the part where the detective is in Toronto talking to a Scotsman.


The man who looks like a punk, a real slick villain 
chats with the old blues singer, just chillin’


  

I was worried about a power converter, but then I realized all 3 devices I brought are powered by USB


I unseat a feisty grey hair’d firebrand to get to my window seat
muttering about the “stupid bitch” that made her disabled friend stand up 
and it turns out the invader’s seat was actually in a different row
“I’ll tell the next person to go around or get the hell off the plane”
but she’s very polite to the young woman who comes to correctly take the seat
compliments her blouse.


“Can you see the sunset?”
“No.  All I see is the plane.”
“Look above the plane.  That’s where the sky is”
She has normal sized hands, (maybe even a tad small) but they blossom into giant popeye biceps
about as big around as my thigh.  She looks like a cross between Grandma Bennett and Desiree.
She has a tattoo of something on her forearm 
that reminds me very distinctly of the bull from Guernica   
She explains to the one that sits between us that it’s a piano.  Says she has four other tattoos


I’m watching the Marx Brothers.  My dinner arrives at the same time the starving scamps get theirs.


Saturday, April 28 - Arrival
Finally, we arrive through the clouds at Heathrow.  It’s about 9am
The bus to terminal one winds through construction.
It started getting ridiculous around minute seven.
Three minutes later we arrive.
Sleep was brief.  It’s morning, but I’m not ready for it.
The muffin they gave me for breakfast.  I ate the top of it, wrapped the rest and put it in my bag.
But then it got smushed and crumbed up my stuff.
It’s now 10am but in no way feels too early for a drink
but I forgo, since it’s maybe a little too late for a night cap
It’s an airport, ergo a crapton of perfume and alcohol for sale.
The same duty free stuff you see everywhere
But a few things I’ve never quite witnessed:
Herrods, a caviar bar, a beefeater statue
the Queen’s face plastered on random goods
A wonderful mixture of languages and accents
An Imam-looking mountain of a man that reminds me of Lee
  

  

Sitting across from the World of Whiskies
Feeling the flush of sleepiness
Old people everywhere
one of them is reading the New Yorker.  How droll.
If I’m reading this right they announce the gate at 11:45, 
ticket says the gate closes at 11:50 
and the sign says it’s a 5 minute walk to the nearest gate.  25 to the furthest


Clear customs again in London.  
Same sorts of questions, but this time asked with a smile, with joy.
See, that wasn’t so hard, was it?
But before concluding that the English are friendlier than Canadians
take into account that you can’t calculate variance with a sample size of 2
Country is confounded with the time effect, with subject, etc.


  

They have Darwin on their dollars
I get an Italian espresso even without popped collars
“The best espresso this side of Milan”
So far, I’ll concede the point
It tastes more like coffee than a coffee bean does
thick like Turkish coffee, begs for a spoon.  Exquisite


this is supposed to be the boring bit, the tedious necessity of travelling
but I’m having a grand time.  
It’s not where you are or what you’re doing that dictates whether you’re having fun.


And now it’s time to get on a plane for the last time this leg.
Chatting briefly with a man from Edinburgh
(I’m finding it difficult to discern between a Scottish and Irish accent.)
He spent some time in Toronto for curling (but, I mean, who hasn’t)


The white clouds look lovely and bright from up here, real white city
but it means the Island is overcast, dark
I guess it’s no surprise


And now I’m wondering if it’d make any difference at all 
if I answered “No, they were born in the U.K.” rather than “Yes, they are American”
when the customs agent asked about the friends I’m visiting
or if it’d just be shackles if I couldn’t come up with an answer at all


13:20 land in EDI 20 minutes early
  

Scott and Leo find me as I’ve wandered back to a pay phone to recoordinate the search effort
The airport turns out to be a lot smaller than I thought it was.
Driving north to Dundee.  It’s baby sheep season.
We’re in the beltway between the low and high lands, characterized by rolling hills.
He’s 14 months old and so I’ve become a mountain to be climbed on
He and I become fast friends


Today is shopping day so we off to Tesco
I put some crumpets and Scotch egg into the trolley
“Are you pointing at me or the crumpets?”
“Mostly the crumpets”
Though I can’t find any bagel or pretzel dogs, per se.
All four wheels pivot so you can quite easily perform incredible straffing manouvers


  

Jill is sewing a quilt and a Hitchcock movie is on the telly.
Several failed attempts to put baby down for a nap.
A little bundle of limitless energy.
On top of the world one moment, bawling his eyes out the next.
I quite like this Leo fellow, he laughs at all my jokes.
He even laughs at things that aren’t jokes.
Now he’s as tired as I am.
He’s learning to talk and it’s interesting to listen to
He’ll have entire conversations in his strange gibberish patois
Mimicry where possible, mono or bi-syllabic. Mama, Dada, Duh, Ta.
So sadly gone are the days of safely shouting obscenities.
He’ll sing.  The same trio of sounds over and over again.  Blah Blah Blah
Lots of laughter.  Occasional growls and roars.  Leo is part Lion.


Reading my Kindle, moved on to “Surely, You’re Joking Mr. Feynman”
I’m getting slap happy and laughing at just the memory of Stephen Fry talking about kebabs on QI 
The river Tay out the back window reverses its flow with the changing of the tides
  

This is my inchworm friend
We found him in my hair
We set him free on a leaf
I’m pretty sure he was subsequently eaten by a bird
  

Man, that’s one weak bridge.
  



19:45 and Leo is off to bed and finally there is some quiet in the house
“You wanna watch some QI?”  “Yeah”, I laugh
  

The wall of what is known this week as “my room”


Sunday, April 29 - Science
  

  

Enjoying coffee and crumpets for breakfast.  With my new best friend.
It’s like a cross between an english muffin and a pancake.
  

Mother and son in matching skull shirts.  (But hers is cooler, ‘cause it has ice cream too)


  

We drive through Dundee and up the Law, the ancient Hill fort that has a great view of the city and the University 
and at night becomes the site for shady clandestine encounters and drug deals.
Flash your headlights.
And here I see the first castle of my trip.
  

Scott dons some sweet wingtips and we head out to do some Science
  



  

We play with some dry ice, billow it in a test tube of water
They would probably frown on us playing with the liquid nitrogen
  

Our software can analyze data off a machine like this
  
Extra tubes for your internets
Electric thread is German for power cable
  

Nail polish is a serious part of super science.  It keeps your slides looking good.
  
Cell lines live in here




  

Stained glass window that allegedly contains the human genome
  
  

Mad science.
  

4 watt Titanium-sapphire laser
  

The answer is always “No” even if you do, because if you answer “Yes” the software crashes
  

Super microscope
  

  

Here I am, being scientific.
Even though real scientists, I’m told, neither wear lab coats nor utilize clipboards
Monday, April 30 - St. Andrews


It’s rare that I sleep so late.  Time zones must be to blame.
Scott is playing Civ V.  
“I didn’t finish my Finnish fermented fish”
  

I need a better grinder.  Gears, not blades.  For an even, fine powder
Coffeegeeks.com
  

Nothing goes better with a fancy espresso than an egg wrapped in sausage


  

Leo is off to day care so we’re going on a day trip to St. Andrews.
Seasick Steve is a real hobo.  Plays authentic blues on a handmade guitar.
We’re headed SouthEast through fields of canola
We park at the university for free (Shh.  It’s a secret)


  

  

A bathroom with a view
  

We climb through the tunnel and counter-tunnel.  
Seems like a dumb idea - if the problem is that the enemy is digging towards you
then doing some digging yourself seems like it just exacerbates the problem
but it turns out that they want to engage in melee combat rather than get their wall blown up.
Fair enough.
It didn’t work, though.


The museum / tower is closed so we walk into town.
Lunch at Pizza Express.  Food establishments here seem to be Pass/Fail rather than get letter grades
I eat Etna.  It’s surprisingly spicy until I realize that it’s the name of a volcano.


  
  



  

Pirates everywhere.


  
nice correction
“Are you calling me ugly?”  “Yeah.”  
  

We climb the tower and there are a whole bunch of batteries under the grate.  Pieces of pens.
  

We visit a battle field on the way back.  Someone has (in red) crossed out William Wallace’s name.
This winding, hilling road has a surprisingly high speed limit that we fail to achieve
We’re occasionally stuck behind farm equipment and the like
Even though we’re not in a hurry the forced leisure can be exasperating.
  

Ah, so we’ve found Mecca.  The holy land.  Also:  BINGO!
  

They killed a dragon here.


In the Dundee City center I get myself a Donner Kebab.  A gyro without the vegetable guts.
  

I am hanging out where they did the hangings.


We go round and round the roundabout.  
And then I engage in the most dangerous high-five of my life
I’m caught in my bag and he in the seat belt.


Tuesday, May 1 - Glasgow
We walk to the train station (you may need to plow through a crowd of students)  


I stop to take a picture of the ship that sailed Captain Scott to the South Pole.
“I may be some time”


We take the train into Glasgow
talking about things like video games
rolling down the country-side


  

Remembering what S.B. said about Glasgow:
“You know the film trainspotting?  Yeah, it’s kinda like that.”
I’m expecting dead babies crawling on the ceiling.
But (at least in the day) it’s really a delightful city
there’s a rougher element present, some bad neighborhoods, certainly
but it’s quite tame in comparison with American cities we’ve seen
  

All these people and not a single one getting mugged.  
Glasgow, you fail to live up to your reputation.


We head to the Gallery of Modern art and say hi to the Guy with cone on his head


  

OK, so carefully stacking that sawdust deserves some props, 
but my favorite part of this exhibit is the juxtaposition of the glorious architecture
and the sloppy, slappy hung cellophane
You're so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece
  



We start by looking for a good Mexican joint, but instead we head into an Irish pub
and I ordered chicken stuffed with haggis
it’s like stuffing without the croutons
and covered in gravy
  



Then we walk towards the Necropolis.
Past the university.  Gingers and ruby red punx.
  

An ouroboros in the cathedral
  
  

Say what you will about the Catholics, they make some impressive buildings.
  

This Tennant was a drunkard, sure, but the one of the actual beer fame is buried nearer the brewery
The full pack of cigarettes in arm’s reach past a mausoleum’s gate is strange, for sure
but it’s the cans of beer way back in a well-locked one that really begs for an explanation


The St. Mungo religious museum did a good job of presenting a multitude of viewpoints.
Also: they had a dyson hand dryer in the men’s room.
When Scott told me that they had a Day of the Dead exhibit I wasn’t thinking Dia de los Muertos
but rather the Romero movie.  
  

  
Qbert died for your sins


  

OMG.  The Doctor is in.
  

We visit the store “Americandy” and I daresay, it’s just like bein’ back home.
Except they charge an exorbitant fee for Nerds.


We walk along the river
sorta towards the science center that we never make a concerted effort to find
on the bridge we’re asked for smokes then change by a proper ned
after we politely decline he calls us some sort of bastard


We head to Sauchiehall, the main shopping district, that we mispronounce “Saucey-hall”
Take a seat for some espresso and shortbread.  
Another bum asks for change, but he’s rather polite.
Asks for just a pence.  And I’m a sucker for a bargain.
“Sounds a bit far-fetched, but it’s based on a true story”


we take the train back to Dundee
I’ve been standing so long that just sitting is its own delicousness
We can’t find two seats together so I’m next to two suits
One is reading his kindle, the other takes notes on a print-out
Across the hall they think everyone is jelly as the smell of their fish n chips wafts through the train
they are assembling little plastic dolls from bags.  “ooh, that one looks like an evil one”
this one is an Egyptian princess
after the first stop I go forward a car and sit with Scott
at Perth we exit to re-enter one of the front three cars since the train will split
a moment of panic when they close the doors on us and pressing the button doesn’t open them
but eventually they let us back on
Wednesday, May 2 - Cairngorn
Lying in bed I go through a batch of work emails on my phone
Scott is playing as the French now, his Aztec campaign on hold
We park at the university and run some errands
  

To Matthew’s Chinese grocery store (that’s not his real name)
  

and I buy some Mead from a crazy German at the festival
he gives me a free sample after I bought the bottle
“I don’t have a bag so you have to carry it around like this.  It’s OK, it’s better publicity for me.”
The Scots pronounce the ells in Paella
I buy a small bottle of Irn Bru.  It’s time for me to try it.
Hmm.  It’s rather tasty.


  

Spending this strange foreign coin is just so much fun!




We drive up to Cairngorn.  Through more lovely countryside.


  

Holy cow! This one got loose.  
I walked a bit up a hill.  I guess that makes me a hillwalker now.


We stop at Pictavia on the way back.
Iain (who look like a hippy and also Matt Frost) is pacing back and forth
“Pardon the electricians”
Scott starts off by asking about their tattoos.  Blue faces.  Picts, painted ones.
and then we get into the interpretations of the stones and symbols of a warrior people
he really recommends that we visit Miegle.
(It’s basically pronounced Smeagol)


  

Peace in our thyme just didn’t work out so we had to go to war with a tree.  Seems reasonable.  


  

  



We order Punjabi Cuisine from Bombay Joes 
Scott has to spell his name to make the guy understand what he’s saying.
(Of course, you’re a Scott, we’re all Scots here)
Except he has to say it with a long o or it’s incomprehensible


I stay up rather late watching some show about why some guy hates the 80’s
Scott falls asleep on a chair.  I try to nudge him awake so he can go to bed proper
but I fail.  And Leo wakes him up early.


Thursday, May 3 - Meigle
  

Here I am doing some Hoovering with Harry.
J Church “My Favorite Place” is playing upstairs on infinite repeat.


Today we head to Meigle.
Linda tends the place with the stones.
She apologizes for being pushy, but really she’s quite reasonable
She seems to coo gently, but is also intense.  But a little befuddled.
A dear, sweet lady.
We head out after she gives up a ten-minute spiel so that she can take her lunch


We walk to the center of town
Jonathon, the owner of that coffee shop on the corner guides us.
Some say this is the oldest town in Scotland, it’s at the crossroads of sheep trails
Of course, there are some that dispute that.
  

Oh, sweet Malteasy glory


  

Since you came into my shop, I’ll give you this post card
It has a picture of the standing stone I was talking about.
(What a friendly guy)
  

In the city square there is a little garden.  


  
  

This guy is being eaten by Lions.
Also: there is a centaur.


  

When a Pict encounters a giant manticore he casually looks over his shoulder at it.
This is because the sting from a scorpion-thing that size is hardly painful at all.
It’s actually the tiny manticores that you need to worry about


  

You can see Linda through the stones.  Her blue-green eyeshadow matches her tartan
Now what I’m saying is...  Now what I’m getting at...
Nothing is certain...  You can make up your own mind...
If you have a tattoo you don’t cover it up
she says to Scott who’s tattoo is quite visible
and also to me, who’s tattoo is covered by four layers
and that is why they went into combat nude.
Seems reasonable.
  

Making our way back we visit another pictish stone.  
This one in a ruined cathedral inside plexiglass
  

This skull looks like it was drawn by a four-year-old
  

We arrive back at base and after a short period I decide to go for a walk.
I make a little map as I head out.  There’s this street, that leads to Perth.  And that’s the road I take into town.


  

There’s a fair going on down there.  


  

You can still see where they filed off their fences during WWII when they needed the iron.  


  

I wander into a pub.  The Tay Bridge Pub.  It was established 1867.
A projector mounted on the ceiling is pointed at an LCD screen.  Football is on the telly.
I’m on a stool on one end of the bar, looking for something dark and local.  What’d you recommend?
Dark Island.  
He rattles off some other offerings, but I cannae ken a word.
It’s 3 pounds a pint.  Served at room temperature.  Tastes pretty good, like an oatmeal stout.
The bartender looks like Scott’s student, but almost a third of the males we encounter do too
“Where you from?”
“Saint Louis.”
“Which state is that?”
“Missouri.”
“Oh.  I know of Missouri. ...  Is that near California?”
“Uh, no.”
I am afeared that I will start to try to mimic his accent, but I manage to talk normally.
He says that Scotland is the best part of the UK to visit.  Ireland might be worth a look-see, but avoid England.
When we start to talk about Science he makes the “over my head” gesture


I return home and I’m told that Leo quite clearly said my name while I was out.   :)
This evening I finish reading Feynman.


Friday, May 4 - Edinburgh
In the morning Scott goes off to feed his cells.
“The irony is that I need to feed them non-essential amino acids.”
He comes back with some OJ.
We wait for the laundry to finish.  
I didn’t bring enough warm clothes.  
I practically have to wear my entire wardrobe each day.
There’s a 40% chance of rain.
I’m sure it will rain iff we have laundry out to dry.
Sophie the cat is dancing in the window, trying to walk on two legs.


We’re driving towards Edinburgh.  Listening to “The Grannies”
That’s the band that Scott saw in San Francisco that did the benefit for strippers
Everyone was dressed the same
Like a Granny?
No.  Like a punk.


You’re gonna like Hasil Adkins.  He sings about Hot Dogs.


On the road we pass a Viking longboat.
Passed a sign for the Big Stooshie Festival.
Sounds like a Slushy made from stool, but turns out it means altercation.


Road sign says accident.  
This bridge can be blocked for hours when a semi tips over from the high winds
but then we get to the scene of it.
It’s just a car with its trunk open.  Bah!
  

  

We get off the bus in Edinburgh and immediately I take a photo of a bird standing on a statue head
  

We eat lunch at a place whose name translates to “little boy”
I ordered a beef chimichanga and they gave me a chicken enchilada.
I blame my thick exotic, outrageous accent.
  

there are some buskers on the way to the castle.
kilts and bagpipes.  an invisible man.  photo equals thumbs up OK equals one pound
  

This photo comes from the official site
  

it’s a lovely castle.  we join the tour.  Frank is our tour guide
they keep time with the one o’ clock gun rather than at noon
since buying one round is cheaper than twelve and leaves more coin for whiskey


  

The seat of power, a stone of destiny.  Crown, scepter, a sword
a whole bunch of swords.  spears, guns, old and new
the fake fire in the fireplace is unforgivably cheesy


  

I get a sample of whisky from the building that used to be a book store  (booze sells better than books)
Frank says that the free wee dram proves that Scots aren’t as mean as their reputation suggests
  

This is the place where some dudes got killed at dinner.


  
  

This is supposed to be an exhibit of authentic prison graffiti
but there aren’t enough obscenities, too few penises to be believable
  
ah, how far we’ve come.
  

The prohibited man does a little pimp walk


  

Driving back on the top floor of the X12 double decker bus
I feel like a giant mecha smushing everything in my path
  



We drive across town to Murray’s for deep-fried pizza.
“I had to hurry because we’re parked illegally in front of the police station”


The small crowd that is gathered engages in banter with the woman behind the counter
“I wouldn’t have charged you 70p for one pickled egg”
On busy days the queue goes out the door and to the corner
It’s ~20:00 now.  Either too early or too late.
  

Deep-fried mushroom pizza.  This is so dang tasty.


Watch an episode of Have I got news for you then Top Gear
Judge Judy is on with an alarming frequency and span of channels
Saturday, May 5 - Edradour
I think I’m up briefly with Leo’s crying, but then I drift back to sleep for another hour or so
The house is now quiet, empty.  I make myself a cup of espresso
Too much water, it’s weak.  but there are more sips
I’m non-plussed.  Start reading Game of Thrones.


Leo is having a rough morning.  Hurting himself with clothespins, on his bead roller coaster


Jill and I drive out to Perth to run some minor errands.
There’s a road sign that says look left.  So I do.  There isn’t much to see.
  

Scottish National Party or Single Nucleotide Polymorphism:  you decide
I gather free samples from the Farmer’s market.  Cheese, Oat Cakes, Coffee
A sample of Chutney that is apple jelly with a weird after bite of some spice
The band is playing the theme song from Police Academy
the cheese lady says they were playing Austin Powers earlier
Driving down “Scotland’s death trap” the A9
Into Pitlochry to visit the brewery
A herd of shaggy cows near the exit we take.  They look like Yaks


It started with moonshine and they sold it to the Mafia off Newfoundland during prohibition
but now they’re on an honesty streak.
An Australian-sounding gent asks about the second kind of cask
A French wine that sounds like cistern.
A German fresh off his motorcycle wears his leathers and carries his helmet
As we enter this building the lovely aroma you’re getting is the Angel’s share
The casks are elevated because while we don’t mind sharing with the angels, 
the worms are a step too far.
It will cost over 1000 pounds for the fifty year whiskey
(... like I like my whiskey.  N years old and mixed with coke)
If you don’t like funny smells then just pass by the bin
otherwise dip your hand in and waft it into your face
  

The complimentary tasting glass and our two free samples


  

Seriously, though.  Watch out for that danger water.
  

  

  
copper worm


  

After the tour we head back to the tasting room and get a glass of the smokey one
and then I buy a bottle of some of the stuff we tasted earlier on the tour
miles down the road I can still taste the smoke.
  



We’re watching “The Bridge” some cop drama with those crazy swedes
they promised some strong language, but all I’ve seen so far was a love tap
They’re playing good cop, strange cop.
oh, there’s a swear.  and then some guy at the kitchen table drops a cluster F bomb.


Sunday, May 6 - Fife


  



  

I like the contrast of this Tesco with the Queen’s Hotel.
Jill doesn’t like Irn Bru, its fake bubble gum, creme soda taste.  Blasphemy!
So if I get a two-liter I’ll have to drink it all myself.
More like Bromine Bru, Amirite!?  (Besides mercury, it’s the other element liquid at room temperature)


We drive around Fife, stopping in Crail by the sea for a picnic
  

  

This is the bird that crapped on Scott.
“It looks like Oreo Ice Cream”
  



  

They will boat you out to this island.  And there you can visit birds.
But they leave you there for hours and there isn’t much to do.


Finally we round to the south side of Fife and Edinburgh and the Aquarium
  



  

  

  

Jill is visiting the spider
  

Yeah, that’s Microsoft for you.
  
  

We ride the moving floor through the tunnel of water and there are fish, sharks overhead
  

this was a cute scene that low light levels turned into a monstrous photo


I had the chance to touch a bearded dragon lizard
  

Don’t let the bad crisp man get me.


  

the dreary drizzle turns into an honest-to-god rain while we’re driving


We play a game of Life on the wii, eating chili for dinner
the conspiracy of cakes and toothpicks
Cui bono, I ask
and he responds with an equally appropriate latin phrase, that I can’t for the life of me remember
Scott wins, by a good margin, 300K more than Jill, he’s a millionaire hairdresser
most of his fortune came from lawsuits
I’m a distant third.  Paying for college for my six kids really did me in.
Monday, May 7 - Back home
In the morning we prepare Leo for nursery and I make my final farewells
I buy a cafe con panna and tip the rest of my change (21p) save for one dragon pound.  


Land in Newark
They turned my Newark to STL to Newark to ORD to STL  (I blame a volcano, c.f. Dominica)
Seat A10, another window.  My neighbors are mostly quiet.  Hand lotion and the smell of peaches.
I watch the Tay and the greenery become hazy then disappear under the white clouds.
Security in Newark is sluggish, by the time I reach my gate the plane is already there.
But since it doesn’t leave for another hour I go next door
to a bar named “The Irish Pub” and order a pint of the brown
The barman Solomon shouts in some African language to a sluggish coworker that is shirking his duty
The other, Frances, speaks more gently
  

I drink quickly as befits my thirst and urgency of purpose
The beer has mellowed me out and made everything seem more alien and yet more sane
That is to say they are strange, but I take them well in stride
There is a bird walking around the terminal
  

This one looks a bit like a chav, she an ox
This couple is wearing matching panama hats
“That’s an interesting shirt.”  (I live inside your face)  “Is that why I always hear screams?  Ahh!”
I made sure, while on vacation, that every day something great and new and fun happened
more’s the pity that I oft times forget to approach every day like that.
  



And then I land in Chicago.  It’s now 1am at my point of origin and my day is not yet done.
I call my parents, I’d have them meet me here if I had been more confident I’d have so much time to spend
Walking from concourse B to concourse C there’s some guy walking up the down escalator.  
  

pick up a Chicago style dog.  
“Do you want everything on it?”
“Of course”  I laugh


Dude is hunting for an outlet to charge his phone
His friend has SPQR tattoo’d on his underarm and heat mizer hair


the hour grows late and my eyes ever droopier
we have a plane, it seems, but we wait on a crew
I’ve been there before.
people run up and ask about their delayed Detroit flight that has undergone gate changes
up and down the terminal


A short doze on the plane and we arrive in STL to a shuttered and virtually empty airport
It doesn’t help that a soft lullaby plays on the PA
It’s now 5am at my point of origin


home near midnight and I fall asleep with ease
but the last few hours of sleep come hard fought
bike_trip[2]  May 12, 2012
Start at 15:00.  Park at Creve Coeur lake.  
Testing out the bike rack.  Bouncing, teetering.  
It's faster and easier than the trunk, but makes for a more nervous drive.
It's warmish, 70 degrees feels sweltering after Scotland's chill.
Already at the bridge at 15:15.  It's such a trek on foot.
There's a woodchuck on the trail.
Buzzards circle over the field and 
The big one that buzzed a hatch back 
Stood on the road and was almost smashed by a pickup truck


bike_trip[3]  May 19, 2012
Start at Creve Coeur again, but this time I head north towards St. Charles
Go through the woods at Louis H. Bangert Memorial wildlife area.
The brochure says:
"Nuts, berries, fruits, mushrooms and wild greens may be taken for personal use."
 "Fishing and frogging are allowed under statewide regulations with the following exceptions:
Bullfrogs and green frogs may not be taken with firearms and longbows."
Put it away Katniss.
Aww, but how else can I catch a frog?


  

A kid says hi.  He's standing by the river digging in the dirt.
His father or older brother is carrying a metal detector.
"Are you going to go down there?  We went down there."


  

I arrive at Frontier Park in the midst of the Frontier days.
Costumes.  The smell of fire and food.
The most lackadaisical town crier I've ever heard
Hear ye, hear ye, artillery demonstration over there at 4 pm
  

If that shirt was accurate he’d be on the other side of the cannon  
All I wanted was a Pepsi, just one Pepsi, and she wouldn't give it to me!
  



  

I stop to take a picture of this sign.  
A one-eyed man stops and asks:
"What do you think of this sign?"
And then we chat about biking.  He rides every day.
He's been up and down some steep hills near Herman.
Has many miles to go before he arrives home today.
bike_trip[4]  May 28 / June 2, 2012
  

Today I stuck it to tha man
  

  

  

riding alone into unfamiliar places
the recent past seems as alien and unfamiliar as the ancient past
how did I get here and where am I going?
Soft quiet sweet water soothes me
it’s the world inverted
and the bike is freedom
it takes you more than places
back to a time where anything can still happen
to being an autonomous 12 year old on a day of adventure
summer vacation, no responsibility, secret clubs in tree houses
catching tadpoles, frogs, and crawdads
bicycle playing cards in the spokes
swapping stories and black eyes
strangers becoming friends
dares and urban legends


June 10, 2012
  

A day of adventure with Elonka
Castlewood.  
A walk then lunch and a trip to the cult center, the house on the hill with a gorgeous view
but we didn’t get past the gate
  
  

World bird sanctuary and elkland
  

It’s hot and jungle humid
punctuated by a brief shower
X marks the spot on the edge of the Dothraki sea
Sweat and rain splatter my paper and there’s a corporate party
Yup.  That’s a cow alright.  And a hoedown and a cake walk.
And I’m living on things that excite me (Wino & I know by Buffett)


  

a tender moment between two trees


Munzee Trip
  

I’ve come back weeks later to capture the first one I found by happenstance
and then a trip down the Katy trail
  

An interesting and vicious corpse  
Random things resting on benches
