November of 2019 - it was beginning
January 11 - First known death
January 12 - We have the genomic sequence
https://www.who.int/csr/don/12-january-2020-novel-coronavirus-china/en/
January 13 - First recorded case outside of China
https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/coronavirus-timeline-tracking-critical-moments-covid-19-n1154341
January 21 - First US case, Washington state
February 2 - First death outside China


February 7th - Nick slacks me a link to the Johns Hopkins map.    https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html
We’ve just been using it as an example of a cool visualization.  Borrowed the button where you could full-screen any of the components
Big red circles in China, a handful of dots around the world.  We keep seeing new cases.  Watched it daily for a while.  


February 22 - Lee and I head down to Soulard for Mardi Gras
-  
Nothing to do with the coronavirus, it’s just in retrospect I’m wondering when’s the next time I’ll feel comfortable in a crowd like this


March 13 - Starting to feel nervous, people are talking about it
But life continues as normal - I’m visiting Lee
  

Drinking Corona and the end of the world




March 19 - Nick got everyone setup with VPN capabilities 
I brought in my Kali laptop, figured a linux to linux connection would be best and I could just route my traffic through it
  

This is now my work machine


But the connection at home is flaky at best so I head in to the office.  DJ is the only other person there. 
I generate the exe so I can connect through my main Windows machine
March 20 - I start working fully from home
  





March 23
  

...
  



We have a Stay at Home Order, but the list of exceptions and Essential Businesses is so long it doesn’t feel like there’s any teeth


  

Folks stop by a bit early on their way from Florida 
To pick up their mail and enjoy some picklebacks


  
  



March 27
I take the day off to spend time with the folks
Feels weird to request this from my bosses
It’s last-minute so I explain its reason.  
Time with the folks is valuable, but it also feels like I’m admitting to a crime, a violation of the Stay at Home Order
DJ’s reply:  “Enjoy your time with them.”


Drive to Creve Coeur park.  Find a path I’ve not walked before.
  

  

Enjoy the free fresh air…   for now...
Walking near Creve Coeur lake with my parents, maintaining 6 feet from strangers
Found a dead possum.  That’s how it starts.  You know it’ll be animated by our return trip
  

Preparing robots to replace humanity


March 28 - The folks were planning to stay ‘til Sunday, 
But leave Saturday morning since Pete’s situation isn’t looking good
March 30 - Pete died last night
It hardly feels real, swept up in all of this


I took a shower and put on pants this morning
Switched back to sweats after the stand-up meeting
Convenience of getting coffee is down, but the quality is up
Miss the dedicated podcast time, but very glad to avoid the commute
Never feel really at work or at home.  Always just quarantined.
  



April 1 - Feeling quite stressed out.  Major customer switching clusters
Thankfully there’s enough chaos on their end to make us look calm 


April 2 - We’ve passed the 1 millionth confirmed case
The 2/12 bump where reporting was corrected now seems quaint in comparison to what we’re dealing with 
  

  

  



  

Shower curtain fell down in the middle of the night
Left one of its feet behind


April 2
I drive to Walmart.  I just want an envelope to send Dad his check.
There’s warning tape around the entrance, looks like they are limiting the number of people in-store.
You know what, it’s not worth it.  I can’t handle this right now.  I’m sure I can find an envelope in my desk.


  



April 3
2nd week WFH
Excited for trash day
Run upstairs to see the garbage truck pulling away
Put on pants, put the bin back in its place.  Feeling good.
County parks close today, at least until April 22.  Feeling bad.
  



April 7
  
I’m Easter
Sent this to Lee and he actually responded:  “Tacos aren’t part of Easter!”
  

But who could ever forget the great Easter taco of ‘96?


April 10
Last night I dreamed that Steve and I were visiting Japan.
I walk into a restaurant and find him there
He’s ordered two sets of food
Sushi and meat goo
Each set comes in a bowl and a plate
Hard for us to find a table or a bar to stand at
Fat Americans on the stools.  I squeeze into a spot, but they’re crushing me
Move to the other side of the bar and there’s an old lady sitting between Steve and me, staring into space
Steve has already paid for the food, so we leave when we’re done, walk into the street, a crowded plaza, looks like Rome, I guess.
Bump into Funsized.  I shake his hand.  Someone makes a corona comment  
Steve is in the lead, I’m following, keep losing him and finding him again
He tells me:  “I can’t hear you when you shout”
Truth be told: I haven't been shouting.
Lost him again.  Now I’m yelling as loud as I can  “Steve!”
And I hear him respond “Dave!”
But now other people are shouting these names.
Crowd gets denser and denser
We’re funneled towards a dead-end, brick wall
The person in the lead is a zombie and he bites me
Then the person on the far side bites the zombie ‘cause he wants to become one
I’m dying.  I really don’t like that this is happening.  Now would be a good time for this to end.
Wake up.  
It’s 3 am.


Sent an email to Steve, hope he’s doing OK


Not shopping again ‘til food runs out.
Clean out the fridge first, make sure I don’t waste any perishables.
Then I’ll move on to the cupboard and freezer.
But now I’m out of cheddar.
So I’ll have to eat sausages without it.
I mean, the sausages do have cheddar inside them.
But it’s never enough.  Never enough.  I think I’ll put some in the chili.


Lee reminds me it is Good Friday.  And I didn’t even put on the shirt.
  

No.
You know what?  I don’t think it is a Good Friday.  I’d even go so far as to call it a Bad Friday


April 11
Ma says you can make a mask out of a t-shirt.  So I’m looking for the best candidate
  
  

  

  

  
  



  



Drove the car just since it’s been sitting idle so long.
Down Manchester for awhile then turn around
Verified the parking lot for the Greenway trailhead is closed
Traffic seems light.  It feels strange to see the signs of encouragement and hope
So many “We’re open for takeout” but stranger to me are the places that seem non-essential, but are still open
And randos going about their day like it’s no big deal.
I guess this is why we can’t have nice things.


April 12 - Easter
Zoom meeting with the family and they let us go beyond the 40 minute free limitation
Then a round of Chips & Guac in houseparty


April 15 - Text message from my dentist:  “Come in for a consultation!  We have openings this week for any questions or concerns.”
It feels like a trap.


April 21 - I have been notified that the Dropkick & Rancid concert originally scheduled May 16 has been postponed


April 22 - Earth Day
  

Started re-reading Bukowski - something dreary to fit the mood
Stir crazy.  The basement used to be my sanctuary.
Now it’s my office.
Started spending most leisure time upstairs.
And walking through the neighborhood again and again.


April 23 - running low on coffee, decided to make a cup of tea
Looks like my microwave is broken
I’m going to die  💀
[Actually, it’s working again]


  
  
Yeah, thanks, Google
In April I didn’t buy any food.  Didn’t have a single face-to-face conversation
I almost walked more than I drove


April 29 
40 days of quarantine


May 1 - May Day
6 weeks of working from home.
Wake up to my phone announcing the release of a new Days N Daze album.  And Ryan sharing it with us.
Holiday for our European coworkers.  Americans on strike
  

Dinosaurs running loose


May 2
Woke up at 3am, started playing Risen 2.  Waiting for stores to open.  Going grocery shopping today
Drive out to Eureka, to give the car a chance to warm up and hoping there’d be fewer people
Signs and limits.  One roll of TP per person.  Masks.
Calculating distances, probabilities.
I’m probably still safe.
On edge.
But now I have caffeine - vivarin, coffee, chai.  And cheese.
Maybe enough food to last to June


The warmth, the smell of fresh cut grass, it screams summer
But so much staying indoors.  Still feels like winter.


May 3
Woke up at 10 pm
Not sure when I went to bed
Dreamt that Johnny Depp fixed my toilet
“You have to take these things one day at a time”
And some rich girl driving a futuristic Audi killed some kid.
Woke up at 5 am.  
The birds are loud.


May 7 - The Dropkick & Rancid concert has been canceled. 
May 8 - Now it’s DEF CON canceled.  This has officially gotten out of hand.
Wondering when I’ll get around to canceling the room and what a hassle it’ll be.
I’m notified by Caesars in the afternoon that they’ve already done it.  “To save you a step”  Classy.  Sad, but convenient.


May 13 - Lee is taking two sick days on account of “Fuck this”
The folks have been planning to visit Mnke’s place to help him put it together.  
Would have coincided nicely with Mother’s day, but he wasn’t ready then.  Had to move fish, too.
And now the truck is broken and Dad’s laborer tested positive for covid.


May 16
Dad is still feeling OK and the truck is fixed.
So break we quarantine and work on Mnke’s house.  
  

  

  

Climb up on the roof and tear boards down
  



  

Running wire - using my phone to find holes hidden by boards.  Accidental photo


  

Secret message will be hidden in a wall


May 17 
My parent’s 40th wedding anniversary.  Rubies.  
Red blood sacrifice to the construction gods.


June 1
Some good news with the SpaceX launch
But the George Floyd fallout is overshadowing everything.  Troubling times.


June 3
Seven military choppers flew over my house on route from Spirit of St. Louis to downtown


June 6
Out of food.
Another grocery shopping day.
Let’s see, last time was May 2nd.  Spent $185.59
That food lasted me 35 days.  So, that’s like $5.29 a day to keep me fed.
I started quarantine just north of 140 pounds.  And this week I’ve dipped below 130.


June 13
  



July 27
  

Mom’s 60th birthday
My first day of remote remote work
Testing the theory that I could be a nomad
I’m pretty particular about my setup, my machines
But with the same computers, when I get lost in the bits it’s no different
Headphones on, I’m in another world


  

Shark mask, lookin’ like a bandit


August 6
  

  

Cat sitting at Lee’s house
Food, twice a day, fresh water
Litter on Saturdays
Ran out of vivarin, losing my mind, made french press coffee
Walked through the park a bit, drove back home to pick up the ice cube trays


August 7
  

DEF CON Jack mask is my new favorite
Not really feeling safe mode, but can’t miss Hacker Jeopardy


August 10
Long chat with Steve
Then I reheated the last of the pizza
Saw a spark as a tree took down a line.
Power out.  Oh No.mpeg
Back on in about a minute
  

  



August 14
Received email from Schnucks that someone that works at the one I go to tested positive for COVID
[but I haven’t been there since June 6]


September 29
I voted.
The debate was a shitshow


October 2
Trump has it
I should be at Archon
Gonna have a fire with Lee


October 30
  

One last hangout before the fall of the Republic


November 3
  

Election night, historical moment
My parents were planning to arrive on the 5th, show up today instead
Would’ve been yesterday, but Dad had a dental appointment
He’s officially retired now
  



November 4
Not at all a surprise, but frustrating
We still don’t have a result, but Trump has declared himself the victor 
A roller coaster of hope and despair, I should stop looking for updates, but I can’t


On top of that it’s been a bad day at work
Corrupted and deleted matrix files in various projects


The folks are prepping the deck for staining


November 5
  



November 6
3/4am can’t sleep, thinking about stuff
Ordered a new work PC and a gaming monitor
Election is still going, but a little bit of good news
  



November 7
PA is called
Biden wins


November 20
Thanksgiving 2020 


January 6
Should be just another Wednesday
Start getting messages from Lee, turn on the news, try to work with it in the background
  



January 13
  





January 20
  





April 5
First shot, Pfizer vaccine


April 26
Second shot


June 2
My machine is no longer viable.  Overheating.
So I head into the office for a peaceful transition of power to fig
Nick is in the office.  1 year 2 months 15 days since I seen him last
