PhreakNIC 21, 2017
  

Thursday
Driving down.  Full moon, clouds.
A scene suitably ominous for the horde of hackers descending on the city
Pine trees.  Boring.  My mind wanders. 
Podcasts for a while and then next song, next song.
And then I cross the river and it's the city.  Batman building.


  

We’re taking over the space.
Joe & Rob & Raven
Alea iacta est
20 sides


News trickles in about Trump and his twitter account.  Sensible chuckle.


Notebooks and writing
Twsbi eco a good entry fountain pen
OCI is only as good as the confluence of technology and your handwriting
The effect of line thickness on the characteristics of the writing.
Very thin can look beautiful instead of brutish
But also strays into scratchy, insane


Friday
Big hug from Elonka
Morning conversation
Introduced to the guys from Positronics, based in Chesterfield
Demo of object recognition, super cool
He’s one of the guys that cured DLL Hell.
‘member when 2600 was at the Galleria?


What's new?
A year flashes through my mind.
So many things happened.  Just in the last month things like
But in the 30,000 foot view it all fits into a very familiar pattern.  It's all the same
Big changes coming up for Ben White
His college will be merging with an organization that wants to eliminate the traditional perks of academia


Joe & Leslie
Watching the video on NVIDIA’s face generator


Registration is a short, short line.  
But if you can’t get a badge in time, show up to opening ceremonies anyways.
And now I have acquired my first fidget spinner
Filling in for opening ceremonies.
The room is cold.  Gonna have to grab a jacket.


“What’s IRC?”
“Slack for neckbeards”


Quick primer on tcpdump and wireshark


Safety vest has returned with his oculus.
Check out Superhot.  Time only moves when you do.


Reverse engineering circuit boards.
Takes a toaster oven and a lot of patience.


Going Commando!
Guide to the command line interface.


Making a list of tools to check up on
        pandoc
        scim
        mdp
        youtube-dl


Rick roll’d (twice) via the console
“It’s never not funny”


In between talks chat with Ben W. about AI and the future 


Casper Cromwell from the FBI
“Drink every time he says cyber”


  

Brimstone and Mog - Password game show, based on the 2013 Adobe leaks 
The passwords were encrypted, but the hints were not
Most of the time the hint is a better password than the hint


Elonka hacks some Ingress portals on the way to dinner.
Gotta keep up those streaks.
Texas Roadhouse.
Catching up on adventures and misfortunes.


  

Crack open a Rasputin and head down to the hall.
12 fluid ounces of Never Say Die in every bottle


  

Playing Pente with Not Larry.  It’s like go, simple but hard.
I don’t have the patterns in my head, keep forgetting about diagonals
Raven tells the story of checking Washington Square chess off his bucket list


Hacking 101 - Elonka and Arch Reactor guys 
World's Biggest Data Breaches


And this is when I start to write things down without context
        Movies:  The Recruit, Shape of Water
        md5 cat
        Anders Hejisberg
        Casio Databank
  



Just shy of midnight an invigorating, information dense.bioinformatics talk with Telco Bob.
“I make viruses - not the computer kind”


Up to the gaming area to chat about VR
Watching someone flail around in surgeon simulator.


Saturday
Blue pants, blue blazer on Friday.
Purple today. 


Ben’s talk - What’s gonna kill you?
Spoiler alert:  It’s probably you


Mind your microbiome and meta-genomics


Skydog has Hacker Jeopardy, but we have Winn.
Second year in a row


“Im working on hydrocodone…   vendors suck!”


SA Hale and SE talk.


Laughing boy and Lasers.
We’re entering the age of lightsabers.
Bright blue exploding from the chandelier


Lightning talks.


Bob shares some homemade beef jerky
Raven’s inspired to float ideas for a talk on our great geek holy wars


Looks like Not Larry found a second board
People playing Bughouse chess


5th of November, mind the hour repeating itself


Sunday 
Elonka’s talk on the Knights Templar
Separating fact from fiction.
Reminds me of playing Gabriel Knight 3:  Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned
Tommy D, 2003
Ben the meek keeps boldly shouting “They’re Jedi!”


Closing ceremonies, looking forward to next year.
