DEF CON 23 - Return of the Lid
Preamble
Wednesday, August 5
Thursday, August 6
Friday, August 7
Saturday, August 8
Sunday, August 9
Monday, August 10


DEF CON 23 - Return of the Lid
  Preamble
Looking forward to this trip with intensity.
Only one more sleep until Vegas.  
Why I love this crowd:
They are the sharp, the intelligent
Able to analyze, to break apart things other people with willful ignorance treat as atomic black boxes
Able to synthesize, to combine ideas in novel ways to produce surprising results
And they are irreverent, rambunctious, mischievous
The place fairly resonates with shenanigans.
I can’t sleep, I can’t sleep.  I wake up.
Double check packed bags, throw in some random last-minute stuff.


Wednesday, August 5
Airport after work.  STL.
1720:  Through security, pretzel dog.
Amber Bock at the end of the terminal.
It’s like a brown, but has a cheap sweetness.
Assessing the situation, adjusting my mental state.
Eyes painted on clay, scanning for something to make me smile.
My otherness frightens me, the distance of my mask from my thoughts.
I need to relax, I’m too tense, but comfort is the antithesis of action.
The news is talking about a hatchet-wielding gunman in Nashville.
“Would you like another beer?”  A Shock Top and the check.
106° in Las Vegas, a full flight, a few minutes late.
She sees my shirt:  “Do you keep snakes?”
“Not currently.  At least, not that I know of.”
She’s a fan.  Belly dances and spirituality.
Reading The Gunslinger.  Stephen King.
I listen to the ERB of him and Poe.[a]


“How many of you are going to Vegas?  How many of you are going to party?”
I spy a bit of the newspaper in the seat in front of me.
Car hacking at a security conference.


We fly up into clouds.  Scene goes grey.  Then blue sky over white.
Flying into sunset, a streak of orange sandwiched by black.


I look at my hands again.  And they are like unto a word repeated so oft it loses its meaning.
So ten seems a strange number of fingers to have.  Why should it be so?
How far up the phylogenetic tree do I need to climb for that answer?


The pretty girl in the window seat is sleeping.
I intercept her snacks.  Honey Roasted Nuts and Chips.
Old woman in the aisle seat acknowledges my happy bonus.
After window seat stirs again, I proffer them.  These were intended for you.
She declines, politely.  Then says “you got my back, I see”  
I’d need a save point or source code to say any more.
We share a smile and I put the snacks in my bag.

I land and jump into Ryan’s waiting Tiburon.
Introduced to Brian in the back seat.
Joking about drugs and Bill Cosby.  Too soon?
We’re playing the Fallout New Vegas soundtrack.
I got spurs that jingle jangle jingle and big iron on my hip.
We grab food at In-N-Out.
I let Elonka know we still don’t have a plan for where we’ll stay tonight.  Kyle is out of town and nothing else coalesced.
  

She graciously lets us crash in her room.  
We leave her and Brian glued to Mr. Robot.
Go down to get the lay of the land.  A new venue.
This is going to be an interesting lane.  We’re gonna take over this bar.
We drink a little bit of the Wild Turkey Spiced that Bennett brought.  
It’s mixed with Coke and tastes a lot like any spiced rum.
We speculate, but don’t come up with the answer.
Vanilla bean, clove, and cinnamon.
  



Back to the room.  They’ve been talking about games and Gamergate.  
Thankfully, they are two reasonable adults and no blood was spilled.


Wednesday total:  3.00 miles


Thursday, August 6


Sleep … Wake.


We descend into madness.
Well, it’s more of a lateral movement, really.
There’s some references to space cocaine and magnets.
Ryan is wearing a Night Vale “All Hail the Glow Cloud” shirt.
I’m so similar to my brother, Brian remarks “It’s like there’s two of you”
We get in line for badges.  Amidst beards and silly / smart shirts.
I don’t care what his shirt says, that guy is not undercover.
I’m technically correct, which is the best kind of correct.
His volleyball nickname is “Sandy Beard Bennett”
He still has some sand in his pocket.
Family text:  our old high school was hit by a tornado.
He seems to have missed the one with content.
And so asks me what “Via facebook” meant.
PBR in a top hat yells “Funerals!”
Ryan vehemently denies owning any kilts
But Brian insists he wore one with a tux shirt.
The line moves another quantum.  Goon says “stop”  
Ryan instinctively replies ”collaborate and listen”
I think that he did elicit a chortle for that.
Next must be “In the name of love”
Followed by “Hammer time” 


  

This is line con’s art in the new venue.  Real hoity toity like.  A bit different than what we had at the Riviera.


Badges in hand.
And now to figure out how to attach it.
There are several popular permutations.
I predict there will be quite a few broken records.
We opt for a rolled corner of the plastic wrap.


We try to make it to the Hacking Web Apps talk, but when we get near the door track four has been full for 10 minutes.
Hit the vendor area for t-shirts and what-not.  Looks like these will go fast.
Hackerstickers seems to be the new Jinx.  
I sorely miss the mint people.
Where’s my Foosh?


Dan will be MIA this year, sadly.
We head to the Jack in the Box for food.
Spend some time discussing possible meanings of T-V, the novel utility that the motel is so eager to advertise.
Opening gambit:  it could be from before television was accepted in its own right as a word.
And then the implications of time minus velocity.  
  

We stop in Napoleon for drinks.
We get swords with our Blue Moons.
But Brian has an expired ID, a consequence of city living, which somehow means he’s not old enough for a Manhattan.
He picked up a newspaper.  We convert the binary ascii characters:  DEF CON Parties
We discuss the art of writing.
He recommends Moleskine and the Ghost platform.
I’m supposed to read Ovid - Metamorphosis; Ryan keeps quoting llamas with hats


  

We head to the Chillout Lounge and speculate on code cracking with the guy from Orange County
Then up to the Sky View.  There aren’t any talks there, but we do find water.  Awesome!
We meet two guys, one that looks like Tommy D and one that looks like Jesus.
There’s pens & paper here, too, but is nobody excited about that?
All together we head down to the social engineering village.
In time for their mission impossible to begin.
Banter with the crowd on cracking.
“I use reverse psychology, like I don’t even want to know your password, please don’t tell it to me”
Discussing the badge challenge, the audio has been extracted, but we haven’t heard it yet.
We’re told it’s the hacker manifesto, numbers, dial tones.
Comparing lanyards.  What does it all mean?
The successor to Gringo Warrior has lasers.  It’s crowded in here.
There are places you can’t stand.  “I have a solution.  Let’s take all the exit signs off.”
OK, we can’t do that.  But what’s the big deal?  If you're flammable and have legs you’re never blocking a fire exit.
It’s a lot of shuffling papers and not a lot of action.  We duck out after the first round.
A brief hello to Mike between the two casinos; he’s in search of coffee.


I check into our room online and as we pick up our stuff from Elonka’s room we get a stack of PhreakNIC cards.
For anyone that signs up to codexcasts.com with nashville2600, PhreakNIC gets some money.
And charged with this happy little task we’ve negotiated our night’s stay.


Our new home is in the Indigo tower.  Awesomely close to the action, but there is much contention for the elevators.
  

  
  

And there always seems to be one out of service.


1630:  I’m still not sure where the day went.  I sit by noise and talk to Leigh a little.
Outside the Chillout lounge I hear the distinctive staccato drawl of Adrian Crenshaw.
I thank him for bringing his Lockpick Village to ShowMeCon.
He says: “I got more stuff for next year”
ShowMeCon really emphasized the “ethical hacking” aspect.
But here, it’s much more of a “fuck shit up for lulz” vibe.


In the hallway someone is carrying a blinky LED stick.
“It’s only flickering because everything is bad.  That’s not supposed to happen”
Ryan needs to consult on this project.  Making stuff like this more effective is his speciality.


By the bar I witness a mini magic show.  Red hair surrounded by leather’d, gruffy biker dudes.
I think that’s tommEE pickles.
What’s this?
A marker.
A magic marker.
And now there’s a cap in his ear.


Back in the room Brian wants to put my packet of Honey Roasted Nuts in his mouth.
I explain it’s okay, those are not really mine.  I already ate mine.


  
Taco!
We talk with Leigh and Chris a bit.
Zoz shows up with his Zoz badge.
He’s been hassled for it already, but it’s actually totally legit.
I ask him what element is on it.  He counts off 23 and concludes it is Vanadium.


1815:  We head over to the bar.
Ryan introduces himself as Kevin.
“People watching is half the fun of this thing”
Guy requests a new liver from Kevin’s bag of fun.
He’s from Hawaii and makes moonshine from mangos.
They discuss guns.
There was a cannon at the DEF CON shoot.
It’s so big, the guy has to take it into the shower to clean it.
Well, I mean, maybe he doesn’t exactly need to…


Back to the Chillout Area
The gamers are talking about MOBAs
The military guys are quoting Skippy's List
Bennett is telling Dumb Jokes That Are Funny
“You should be a comedian.”
Except he is just an amalgamation, mostly one-liners:  
Stewart Francis, Milton Jones, Tim Vine, a little Frankie Boyle et al
Could use some more Mitch Hedberg, Stephen Wright in his repertoire IMHO


2100:  To the airport to acquire Jonas
“What’d I tell you about picking up whales?”
“Uh, nothing.”
“Fair enough”
He bursts into the scene like he was made for this city.  Gung ho for strip clubs.
It doesn’t matter what we do.  So long as there are hookers and blow, he’s in.
I quickly become inured to the level of lechery that my party possesses.


We head out down the strip a short ways, to the Cosmopolitan.  In search of the secret pizza.
I get a slice of white and one of mushroom.  But I’m not allowed to tell anyone about it.


Ryan insists that Jonny5 will be DJing
Don’t get my hopes up with robots you can’t deliver.
  
DNA and dub step.  Welcome to DEF CON
Tales asks me to steal this sculpture for the office.
I promise to try.
  
Blinky tubes 


Thursday total:  10.45 miles
Friday, August 7


Sleep … Wake.


I rouse, just a lone Dave writing in the darkness
And then we play John Cena’s super slam
And the glory of llamas with hats


We head across the street to the liquor store.
And acquire a handle of Titos (plus additional beverages)
You guys really like to party
Go big or go home…
  

Jonas takes a picture for his Tito-based instagram account


  



  

It’s a little subtle, but I think that our artwork is telling me to kill someone.
I’m glad my bed is under the other picture.
How you feeling Brian?  OK, fine?  A little homicidal, maybe?


We noticed that the lid of the ice bucket looks a lot like the badge.
Plus, if you flip it over you get a black badge.
  

After this, he clips it so that the white side will remain visible.
We walk into Track 2 and take a seat.
We congratulate our cleverness, but too soon.  The door Goon comes in.  
“Let me see your badge”
So he reaches into his bag and pulls it out.
“You little shit...  You’re lucky I don’t beat you up right here in front of everyone.”
“It was the same size...”
She confiscates it.
“I’m going to put an X through this”
But we need it back.  Or we’ll be charged...
You can get it back at the end of your shift, I mean, end of the day, in SOC.


We watch the intro video
Should have brought my copy of the Principia.
I’m a big fan of the theme.  A Discordian twist on film noir.
This year’s black badge is a radioactive tribute to Feynman.
And apparently Wassenaar is something that should be on our radar.


We exit the room into a clusterfuck of a hallway situation.  This is going to be interesting.  
It’s a good thing talks are not my primary interest.
  

What’s the word on the street?  Only. 
Only.


  

We spy cardboard signs announcing Free Beer.  Just head down this empty, industrial hallway.  Keep going...
Looks like a trap.  We follow it, expecting to find a creepy guy in a panel van at the end.
Instead, we discover the Beverage Cooling Contraption Contest.
Yay!
  



Let’s start with apologies.  The hotel mandates we buy from them.
So the beer that is being cooled is Miller Lite.
Which isn’t beer, really.[b]
But rather is like unto sex in a canoe.


Liver let die.
It’s not from a guy in a van
But people in the crowd seem reluctant to accept the free-as-in-beer.  So we drank mebbe half of it.
And that “calibration fluid” (the contraband Mountain Dew and Vodka) was oh so good.
I thought I was being too lush by consuming it concurrent with my beer.
But I see Jonas somehow triple-fisting and I don’t feel quite so bad.


We chat with team He-brew.  A couple of awesome dudes.
They have a low-tech, but very effective solution.
Jonas chills his Titos in their bath.
Dry ice and isopropyl alcohol.


We start making plans to enter next year.


  





  

You can trust these random, homemade pills.  I’m pretty sure that none of these are poisonous.  Or dinosaurs.
Oddly enough, no takers.
People seem more willing to accept the life savers.  They’re individually wrapped for your protection.
  



  

He prefers single malts and isn’t a huge fan of this, so we help him out by pouring shots of his Johnnie Walker.


  

Remember this one for later.


Talking with a Sci Fi author, SB Jones
Dave from Mozilla has one of the greatest business cards I’ve ever seen.  It’s a flippin’ mini punch card.
  



We’ve adopted a new Mike, but I suffered some agnosia during his introduction.
And your name was…
Oh, yeah.


So much fun at BCCC we missed the talk by Chris Rock (not that one):  I will kill you
A hacker looks at the death industry.


A stranger approaches, leans in and educates us regarding the chemtrail conspiracy.
Has it on good authority, a secret source, that it involves dihydrogen monoxide.  Dangerous stuff.
We hang around the water cooler, laugh and hydrate.


  



It seems late enough
So we stop by the lost & found.
“You haven’t seen the lid to an ice bucket, have you?”
“Did you lose it?”
“In a manner of speaking...”
Ryan steps up and confesses the full story of its confiscation.
We learn the location of SOC and head down there offering apologies and bribes.
There isn’t a lid there.  It isn’t the end of the day yet.
It is implied that it has been destroyed.  


Another elevator ride.
“Is it?   Yeah, that’s Darude - Sandstorm”
“But you’d say that no matter what it was.”
“Somebody hacked the elevator”


  

Mike smokes a cigarette while Jonas gambles away a few more bucks.
Someone has accepted one of Kevin’s random pills.  That’s a first.
Goon takes a closer look at a passing badge
“There have been counterfeits already”
Oh, you don’t say…


We head back up to the top floor.
  



  

These guys got Ms. Pac Man; Bennett gets a high score.
  

  

I have all these badges, except the left-most.
  



  
  

Playing more games.  I made it to level two, but I’m no King of Kong.


  



  

Old school centipede.  Sweet!
  

We’ve run into these guys again.  


Down for Hacker Jeopardy
  

Hey, that’s my state!  But why are sports happening?


  

Up to floor 26 for music.  Dualcore and MC Chris.
I ask the guy in the Biohacking Village about his interests.  It’s implanted tech.
Here, talk to my brother.  He’s got an RFID chip in his hand.
  

I have no idea what this drink is or how I acquired it.


Priest gets on stage and apologetically implores us:  no smoking, not even vaping.
I don’t envy him, the cats he has to herd.  I hope we haven’t caused too much trouble.


After YT Cracker we head down the hall to parties.
Chatting with someone in the financial industry about some awesome crazy shit. 


Friday total:  5.38 miles
Saturday, August 8


It’s 0137 and I notice that Brian and Jonas have dropped off.
From this we incorporate a new idiom into our vernacular.
To pull a Jonas is to radiate enthusiasm, to intoxicate (by force, if necessary) those around you.
And then fall asleep too early.  Like, before midnight early.
Popular form:  “Don’t be a little Jonas”


  

I don’t think I’ve ever seen Kevin smile.
  

This party, like most nerd parties, has a standard issue slave Leia
  

Hanging out on the balcony.  More military talk.  
Shots guy is handing out shots.
I respectfully decline.  


Kevin has picked up a DEFCOIN wallet.  
The Alexis Park is before my time, but I do recognize pool 2 girl.


Sleep ... wake.


I duck into DC101 (which has moved to Bally’s)
Lean against the wall and listen to Bruce Potter’s motormouth.
He interacts endearingly with the transcriber.  “I love you, other person”
“me too”


  

  



  
  

Super hungry.  I cruise the food court, but lines are too long.
I grab food in the Chillout.  Chatting about cons and congestion.
Hackers have a reputation for being antisocial, but on this side of the veil we’re quite friendly.


1130:  I achieve my first Jaku sighting as he makes his way to TF2.


Ryan appears to be a big fan of Hebb’s postulate.
The sight of me triggers familiar pathways, well reinforced:
“Dave.  Hey Dave.”
My conditioned response:  “How may I help you?”
And then some nonsense, like:
“One of these Daves…”
Remember that time we went to secret pizza?
Additional source material we keep repeating incessantly:
What I actually said was yeah, sure, but what I meant was yeah, sir.
License and registration, chicken fucker
Stop all the downloading
I’m Old Gregg


In the contest area I have a quick catchup chat with Ram.
He makes his way to a side talk and I resume my wandering.
I enter the social engineering village and the content is again: don’t block the exits.
I walk along the back wall, turn around, walk out.
Legs are tired now from all the walking.
Bally’s to Paris again and again.


A brief rest on a soft seat.
Drooping eyes appreciating leg tattoos.
There’s something mayan.
There’s pi.


Ryan takes Jonas to the strip.
There are hackers at the Caesars.


We’ve enlisted as much assistance as we can muster in our quest for an ice bucket lid.
“It made a bit of a splash.  They talk about it.”
I tell Ryan about the counterfeit badge contest and he’s excited.
We head down to the sign.
  

I mean, there’s someone walking around with a goddamn paper plate.
And this guy is putting together a frickin’ goon badge.  “Be cautioned, you don’t exactly look like a goon”
The guy on the other side of the desk cuts off the human set from the display board for us.
Thankee much, sai.


  

The sad syringe with a smirking needle in his eye is probably my most favorite thing in the history of everything.


  

Dave, why did you break the robots?
You know I didn’t do that.  That’s like my least favorite thing to do.
  
  

Next year, the rise of the robots, is going to be intense.


Another trip to SOC with null results, vis a vis our precious lid.
I mean, I wouldn’t mind getting charged for it, but at this point, it’s all about the sentimental value.
We spot the goon that confiscated it.  It hasn’t been destroyed. 
She promises it’ll be in SOC in the morning.
Jonas, pressing his luck, wants a time.
Before your drunk ass is up...


This guy is walking around, cosplaying as the dude.  Including the robe and a carton of half&half.
Watching the Hacker Jeopardy trials.  Dropping caffeine like mad, heading for a heart attack.
We’re drinking in the room, smiling through Jonas’ belligerence.
“I don’t see you drinking…”
I head down but track 4 is full again.
  

Endure the elevator back up and catch Richard Thieme on DCTV.
Hacking the Human Body/brain:  Identity Shift, the Shape of a New Self, and Humanity 2.0
After that, half awake, I watch the quick spot the fed that fills the hole left by a speaker cancellation.


  

We’re headed back out for secret pizza (shhhh…)
Bennett tells me there’s a shoe vending machine.  I gotta see that.
  



Sloppy elevation.  We missed our floor.
  

Goddammit.
But we’re making new friends:  “Hey, it’s elevator guy!”


Hacker Jeopardy.  
  

Two girls walk by and apologize for something we may have seen.  But really, we didn’t see anything.
Discussion ensues with respect to the term “Engineering hot”


  
And I’ve got one of these stickers on the back of my shoe.
  

Swag.  Yeah, this CD is not suspicious at all…
Someone walking by warns us that there may be malware on that.  
You don’t say?


Walking from Hacker Jeopardy, back to the room.
Past a smashed beer bottle Ryan quips: “Go home, stepladder, you’re drunk”
Zoz walks by with Joe Grand, laughing.  Maybe it was at that.


Ryan gets a text from an unknown number.  “Ha, you got a new sister.”
Which leaves us a bit confused.  (Why doesn’t Dave have one?)
“She doesn’t live in the basement.”
Thusly, we conclude it is from Elisha, our new sister-in-law.
Eventually I get my own notification.


So, we’re in the elevator.  We take the second set, up to 16.  Switch to the other batch, down to lobby.
There’s a crowd trying to get in, but we play like we’re full.  And no one gets in.  I can’t believe that worked.


  

Someone is handing out goatse stickers.  There’s no way this will end badly...
  

Hanging out again at DC801.  They have kegs and implore us to drink their beer.
Devastator on the end.  It’s like a brown, better than bad, but it’s not my cup of tea.
I head to the head, then over to music.  The floor shakes with the bass.
Gumby is dancing with a shark.
And there’s a dinosaur.


  

Ceci n’est pas un appareil photo.  Head.  blown.


Saturday total:  9.96 miles
Sunday, August 9


0036  text from Ryan:  “Dave… Hey Dave… I got a high 5 from Zoz”  
Though, the Australian psychologist joke doesn’t go over so well.
G’day, g’day, no worries.


  

Shots guy is out in full force again.  


The Goon band is playing RATM.
Fuck you, I won’t do what you tell me.
  

This room has an ice bucket.  But, mysteriously, it’s missing its lid.


Ducked into hacker karaoke.
Someone singing Pork & Beans.
I’ll let you choose:  Beatles or Smiths?  
Free Bird!
Free Bird is not gonna happen.
Hey Jude.


Du Hast with English lyrics.
“Here’s to the old DEF CON”


“I commend you on the attire”
Fist bump from another guy in a suit.
That zebra is wearing a human badge.  
The coke in my backpack is mostly vodka and not fit for human consumption.
  

I think that the blood on my pants is from my finger.  But I can’t be certain.


It’s after 2 and I find Elonka in the hall.
We head over to Nosh and then to her room.  A chance for some real talk.
Down to a party of Solomon, wound down.


Looks like I lost my Don’t Panic pin.  I guess that means it’s now time to panic.


Ryan shows up to the room a special sort of messed up that I hadn’t seen before.
It’s the same sort of tired fear that I share but a big layer of military stuff.
We talk, sitting in the hallway until after 5 am.
Still collecting high fives.
  

I spend some time studying patterns in the carpet.


Sleep … wake


  

He waded through a layer of vomit and tried to return it; he earned his extra badge.
And yeah, he got a third one too.
So, as per an earlier discussion, he’s ready to make a badge bra.


Last day, a bit the worse for wear.
But I make it down for the docker talk.
No real slides, his voice is soft background.
“Don’t download the Internet and click on it.  Right, people?”
Mild laughter.
“C’mon, people that was funny”
Securing docker sounds a lot like just securing a box.
Reduce your attack vectors.  Accept minimal convenience.


1039:  I’ve received word that our lid has been acquired.
As promised, Ryan does the Zelda victory pose.
  

  

  

And all is right with the world.


  

OK, so maybe there are still some things wrong with this world.


Chilling in the room, watching more talks.  
Messing with reverse engineers through control flow.
Something wrong with the audio transmission, turning the speaker into a robot. 


  

Much fun was had with googly eyes  (c.f. the end of DC21)


I’ve come to Vegas once a year for ten years in a row and still haven’t gambled once.
Bennett and Jonas put some more money down.  They win some, they lose some.
Bennett is a font of bad advice, every time Jonas listens he loses.
Always bet on black.  A fun slogan, but not statistically sound.


Two girls from SoCal inquire about the badges.
Hey guys, we should totally drink some water in front of them.
“You are the good guys right?  Learning how to protect against the bad guys”
That makes me giggle.
“He’s laughing at me.  He’s laughing at me.”
“Don’t worry about it.  He laughs at everything”
“Is it all convention stuff or do you get a chance to party?”
The convention stuff is indistinguishable from party.


Closing ceremonies.  Elonka finds us.
I check in to my flight and Jonas leaves for his.
I attempt to nap, but pretty much fail and then we head out to Taco Y Taco.
  

Legend tells of an even better taco joint:  Tacos El Gordo.
But Kyle doesn’t put credence in such myths.
  



Then to the pinball museum.
  





  

OK, we’re gonna take the lid out and show it a good time.  The strip, the show girls, the works.


After we get back to the room we take a nap.
Set an alarm, then head out to the Tuscany to say hi to Claudus and Jelly.
We enter the room, somehow missing Claudus who went down to let us in.
We play a round of skulls and roses.  “You promised there wouldn’t be thinking”
Drinking water.  Pretty sure there’s no alcohol left in Vegas.  We thoroughly cleaned it out.


  
I’m not sure that we’re going to leave this lid behind.
  



Sunday total:  8.55 miles




Monday, August 10


Jelly heads off to sleep, saying “I hate to pull a Jonas…”
But it’s after midnight, so he’s OK.
Sometimes you have to be a bit Jonas, but you never go full Jonas.


Sleep … Wake.
  

Brian’s been trying to get a game together, and Elonka was on board, too.
Circumstances conspired against us
  
But this old lady knows what’s up.   She’s down with the D&D


  

I started and ended the trip with ouroboros t-shirts.


  
I’ve seen enough anime to know where this is going...
  

What is this?  A stripper flash bomb.


  

Ryan and Brian put some money down on black and win, twice in a row.
Jonas texts back “Fuckin bastard”


Drive off to Kung Fu for food.
  

I almost forgot to get a picture of Brian’s Mohawk Con (support the EFF).


We head out and walk up and down Freemont Street.
  
  

This place was made for me, I guess.  


A visit to our old stomping grounds, the Rio.
  

This bar and smoker con were two awesome conversation incubators.  I’ve yet to find their equivalent in the new venue.
  

What the heck is going on here?
  

Star Trek on our heels.  “I hate nerds.”  “Oh, honey…”


We drive by the Riv, but it’s already shut down, boarded up, ready for dismantling.


  

I land in St. Louis and tech still ain’t safe


Monday total:  8.29 miles.


Total trip:  walked 45.63 miles 
[a]here's the one that turned me on to them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yis7GzlXNM
[b]hahahahaha agreed!
