Ireland
A songbook for the insane


TLDR:  it was fun.  Yes, I kissed the Blarney stone


Ireland        1
Saturday, May 3 - STL - PHL        3
STL        3
Leaving on a jet plane        3
The look        4
Philadelphia        5
Fresh prince        5
#SELFIE        5
Sunday, May 4 (Star Wars day) - Dublin        6
Rocky road to Dublin        6
Dublin        7
My mother told me        10
Molly Malone        10
A comical genius        12
The Ol’ Beggar’s Bush        13
Sittin’ on the dock of the bay        14
Billy Jean        16
Bohemian rhapsody        16
Paper planes        18
Foggy Dew        19
Rare ol mountain dew        22
Some say the devil is dead        22
City of Chicago        23
Take me home, country roads        23
Monday, May 5 (Cinco de Mayo) - Dublin        26
Dublin in the rare old times        26
Valhalla calling        26
Paint it black        29
Finnegan's wake        32
A robust Highland Girl        35
Temple Bar: Point        38
Temple Bar: Counterpoint        38
Mr brightside        40
Save Tonight        40
Streams of whiskey        40
Follow me up to Carlow        41
Sweet Home Chicago        41
Tuesday, May 6 - Dublin        42
Dirty old town        42
Shipping up to Boston        42
Nice weather for ducks        42
a bag of flour and a bucket of water        43
Three lovely lassies from Kimmage        44
You gotta believe me        44
Celtics symphony        48
USA        49
Johnny jump up        50
Rattlin Bog        51
Black and tans        52
All for me grog        53
Wednesday, May 7 - Dublin        54
Lanigan's ball        56
Bru Na Boinne        56
Newgrange        56
The night that Paddy Murphy died        64
hand me down my bible        65
McAlpine’s Fullisters        70
Rainy night in SoHo        70
Dublin Lullaby        71
Thursday, May 8 - Dublin        71
(a biologist's) Saint Patrick day song        75
Good rats        75
Mari-Mac        78
Waterford boys        79
a pair of brown eyes        85
Sally MacLean        85
Chasing Rainbows        86
tenderloin        86
Dicey Riley        86
Dancing in the Dark        87
Wagon Wheel        87
Drunken lullabies        88
Friday, May 9 - Dublin - Cork        88
Louse house at Kilkenny        89
Regular Army O        90
Hammer and the anvil        90
Cashel        90
It's a long way to Tipperary        93
Cork        94
Nelson's farewell        95
Middleton        97
Whiskey in the jar        97
Pope's From Chicago        98
Kinsale        106
Battle of Kinsale        106
Seven Drunken Nights        110
Saturday, May 10 - Cork - Dingle        110
Dingle Bay        110
Blarney        110
The kissing of the Sheriff's wife        113
Eye of the tiger        117
My dingaling        117
Killarney        117
Christmas in Killarney        117
Dingle        122
Riptide        128
Zombie        128
Sunday, May 11 (Mother’s Day) - Dingle        129
Blasket Case        133
What's left of the flag        138
kiss my Irish ass        142
Worst day since yesterday        145
Monday, May 12 - Dingle        145
Me and the moon        145
lumberjack.        146
Wild Colonial Boy        147
Single Ladies (put a Kerry ring on it)        148
Skibereen        148
ten times more        148
Staigue        149
the Tempest        154
Valentia Island        155
Hast thou considered the tetrapod        157
Annascaul        157
Paddy on the railway        160
Liar!        161
Tuesday, May 13 - Dingle - Inis Mor        168
the shadow        168
Rolling through Adere        168
Limerick        168
Juice of the barley        169
Cliffs of Moher        169
Doolin        175
Thousands are sailing        176
Sea Shanty Medley        177
Inis Mor        178
Irish Rover        180
Skull and Bones        185
Wednesday, May 14 - Inis Mor - Galway        186
Don't go for the one        187
Sweater song        190
Kiss from a rose        190
Beer is great        195
the last shanty        196
Boat drinks        196
Galway        196
Boys on the dock        198
Factory girls        198
Galway girl        199
sunny afternoon        200
Sweet Caroline!!        201
Thursday, May 15 - Galway - Athlone        201
Athalone        202
Town of Athlone        202
Irish Ballad        210
Bottle of booze        210
Twist me rubber arm        211
may the living be dead (in our wake)        212
Friday, May 16 - Athlone - Belfast        213
Sligo        213
Bundoran        214
Sea is a cruel mistress        214
Stranolar        216
Green to Orange        216
Derry        216
Sunday Bloody Sunday        220
Limavady        222
Giant’s Causeway        223
Bushmills        225
Belfast        227
Tell me ma        227
Jolene        233
Saturday, May 17 - Belfast        235
Wearing of the green        236
When the great ship went down        238
And the band played on        241
Karma Chameleon        241
The parting glass        247
Sunday, May 18 - Belfast        247
Belfast        247
Nature Trail To Hell        248
Highway to Hell        248
Irish Pub Song        254
Hot Cross Buns        257
Albert's bridge        257
Monday, May 19 - Belfast - STL        258
Chicago        259
STL        260
Post-party depression        260
Appendices        261


Watched Belfast as homework
Aunt Bennie has had a bout of her own troubles, vis a vis her passport
Cousin Amanda is the more responsible one and it’s through her that we get some semblance of coordination


My folks head out a few days before me to start their trip in Scotland.  
I declined this part of the trip, since I’ve been there before (though it has been quite a while)
Hoping I remember to take enough notes.  
I especially like to capture quotes.  
Devoid of context
Some are one-of-a-kind oddities, lightning in a bottle.  Others become cherished idioms, impossible to forget.
Had to read Nick my Mother’s notes on the trip so far:      “Is he saying ear butts?”  “Yeah…”


Saturday, May 3 - STL - PHL
STL
Leaving on a jet plane


1130


Travel day.  Head to the airport
Driving through the pouring rain 
Passed up by a group of bikers must be insane


Tired, not enough sleep
Woke up from a dream what started super cool, but veered into nightmare territory when I got too drunk to successfully write “i noticed”
It was another one of those def con dreams


Coffee buzz cuts a slim path through the fog
Brought two battery packs to keep my phone awake
Vivarins and caffeinated chocolates for myself
Praying it's enough


Shuttle driver seems nice and chipper though
She's singing along to
The look


Much earlier than I need to be, my usual MO
Fly through security with surprising alacrity 
Hope my layovers are as pleasant


1300


It's after five at my destination
And airport drinking rules apply
So I decide to enjoy a SchlaFLY 


Seems too early to start the drinking, but then I realize it's a weekend and post-brunch, so I've made my peace with it
  

Order an Irish stout and write my first notes on paper
Broke my pen before I even got a chance to use it
Good thing I got a heap of spares


With all the live editing I'm doing on this doc I'm hoping it'll be done by Memorial Day
Though I am hoping I get heaps of words written down that I can refine
I bought a fresh notebook for this trip.  Be a real shame if my words could have fit in one of my partials since the paper thoughts are so much different than the thumb-tapped ones


You might expect their Irish stout to be a simple Guinness knock off
But it's a skosh heavier than that
Seems to borrow some gumption from their oatmeal stout


1322
Show up to my gate ten minutes til boarding
Boarding pass truncation made me slightly more latino than usual
  

Si, yo soy Dabeed Jose


Brosef on the phone says… 
I don't really want to record his crass lasciviousness, but I can't help but write it down, just text it to Jay and fuhgetaboutit 


Find my seat, next to a guy that looks uncannily like Tom Downey


1400
Taking off on time
Listening to the book of general ignorance and it opens with a quote from Oscar Wilde
“Ignorance is like a delicate, exotic fruit.  Touch it and the bloom is gone”


We're flying through a very surprising number of clouds on our approach (always sunny, my ass)
  

Philadelphia 
Fresh prince  


1630
We deplane via stairs to outside
Taking a shuttle from terminal F to A
Old man stays standing when a young woman offers her seat
"I don't mind standing.  Trouble is in getting up.
I probably shouldn't have said that”


I even have time enough for overpriced fast food


1800
I miscalculated how early boarding would begin, but I barely missed the start of it
Don't need a boarding pass
Just your passport
But it must be signed 
They pass around a pen


I have the center seat.  My mate on the aisle seems jovial
Salt and pepper hair, but not hoary, he has the immortal spark of an imp 


He offers to take a picture for the couple in the row ahead of is, but they insist on doing it themselves 
He agrees:
“Sometimes you gotta take a selfie.  Especially when you're going to Ireland”
The wife in the notre dame hoodie joshes her husband on his subpar selfie skills.
You could look better…  no look here, not here
#SELFIE


People around us are laughing and chattering excitedly
“Jameson does taste different there”


1830
Nearing takeoff and window seat hasn't arrived
Aisle says to me “maybe we'll get lucky
But out of breath he shows up
Had to scurry from C, he is sure his luggage won't make it.  Third time in two years
“I think that I'm the last one on the plane”
Classic professor look, resplendent in tweed
Sounds like a commonwealth accent
Looks like James Cromwell


Well, it actually was sunny for a window after we landed at PHL, but now…
We're taking off 10 minutes late.
On account of this weather
A little bit of a drizzle
Pilot says he'll try to make up the time


Unlike Mother’s,  our flight attendant says “head sets” quite clearly and certainly not “ear butts”
And she calls us all sweetie.
I use them to watch Conclave, which was coincidentally recommended during the last NSTAF episode I listened to
They also mentioned the wellington monument 
He's a British sort of hero, but is actually quite Irish 


Packed minimally, two weeks out of a backpack.  I leave the kindle at home this trip
Put some classic Irish books from project gutenberg on my phone
  
  
  

And last minute grabbed some DaveCon badges and googly eyes


I start with Earnest and come across the quote from General Ignorance 
  



Read a little bit of a modest proposal
It is rather long for a work that can be summed up as:
Let's eat the poor LOL, JK


Trying, trying to sleep, but I can't get comfortable 
It comes short and staccato 
Window seat keeps flapping his arms and touching me with his elbow


Aisle is aggressively cheery
Window is stoic, stiff upper lip
Grumbles, but is congenial
None of us converse


I rarely eat breakfast, but I need the energy
Vanilla Greek yogurt and grainless granola
It leaves me covered in coconut flakes


Save some of the snacks for later
Left behind most of my emergency rations
(I'm never far from cannibalism)
This trip’s cat bag is a tacocat (aka burrito and friends)


One of my wakeups came not from escaping the helplessness of a nightmare, but rather accompanied by a disorienting, but refreshing novelty on the realization that I am alive
A brief concern, a panic.  How am I going to pilot this unfamiliar vessel that I'm trapped in, but it passes rapidly and returns to the familiar, mundane


6 hour flight and 6 hour time difference and the day is gone


Sunday, May 4 (Star Wars day) - Dublin
Rocky road to Dublin
After aisle takes a picture of the sunrise, myself and window do the same
  



Aisle's wife accidentally splashed the row behind her with water.  Collateral damage
You know, pressure changes.  I hoped I only splashed myself
“You did a Robert”
“That was a Rachel.  Which is worse because she was embarrassed”


This guy over here referencing a “Keenan and Peele sketch”
So close, my friend, but you threw in some extra letters and landed on a different comedian 
Dublin


630
We landed 7 minutes late, so the pilot did alright by us
midnight back home.  Trust the sunrise and just power through the day


Didn't hear any Irish accent on the plane
There's a gaggle of them in yellow vests as we deboard
It’s infectious, I want to adopt it in return when someone says marnin’ to me


No line for immigration, but it's a shift change so I get bounced around a bit


Vacation or business? 
Vacation
How long?
Two weeks and a day
Any other countries? 
No. 
(I forgot Northern Ireland is another country.
Hope that isn't an issue)
Then back to the states?
Yes


Done.


Try to get cash but both ATMs reject me
Two different errors, only one of which says try again


I move on, past the point of no return


Hoping its not a broken card or banking issue I try my debit card in a third atm
And successfully get a stack of their silly looking money


Exit the terminal.  Yeah, it's chilly
I can see my breath
Put on a jacket
And hat


I pre-ordered a ticket for the Dublin express to downtown


Just missed a bus.  15 min to the next


Tough guy and his bird puffing on cannabis vapes
Please don't talk to me


I find a couple what appear to be waiting for the same bus.
He's American, but looks like a dad.
I'll follow his lead
A younger Asian couple are following mine
Dad picked the wrong stand, but we board no problem.


730
Bus ride is nice
Required by law to wear your seat belt
I don't 
Alcohol is prohibited 
I don't even have any, but if I did…
Signs are bilingual and we're driving on the wrong side of the street


I could swear those signs say Bennett
But we're moving too fast, picture is blurry
Could just as well say Bigfoot


Driving along the river liffey.  The city is a gorgeous mix of old and new
  

I imagine people snickering or derisive when I take this or that photo
In my head I'm plaintively explaining to them
But I need this, because it fits my narrative, it illustrates words that I've written
Or:  I need this, I'm going to think of some words to put around it.


I've been zooming around this area in maps, reconnoitering 
And now I'm a GPS dot on said map
And the faces on the street aren't blurred out


I realize too late that one of the earlier stops would probably put me closer to my destination or at least close enough.  But I'm enjoying the bus tour through a part of town I hadn't planned on walking through so I don't begrudge the robot for his stops suggestion


Irish guy in a classic jumper shows up and sets his beer down
  

It's only after a few red green cycles that I realize our driver has abandoned us.


Ok, he's back.


Noticed I'm the only one wearing a hat
And I'm completely fine with that


Jaysus we almost sideswiped a horse!?
  



830
First thing: find my hotel and drop off my bag


  

Oscar Wilde.  Reminds me of that one gutter in Greece
Jay rolled his eyes at that one, IIRC
But they seem to love the guy here


Lady at reception seems very nice
Apologizes, no room is available yet
No worries, that's exactly what I was expecting 


She gives me the wifi password
And then I receive the email that my flight has been delayed.
Oh, must've missed it because I turned on Data Saver.  Silly setting.


Saved a pre-planned route and I end up following it fairly faithfully 
https://maps.app.goo.gl/iX9Rrorx92jsiUZs6
  

Start off with Vikings and Genocide.  I don’t know…  Is that too much murder in the morning?
I have the perfect t-shirt for the Viking area    
But oddly no attire appropriate for the Armenian Genocide.  Only the memory of Sabat
From the Istanbul leg of that same Greece trip


  

Turns out the Viking trail is a little like the freedom trail.  And Vikings love knives
My mother told me


845
Molly Malone
In Dublin's fair city
Where the girls are so pretty
I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone
As she wheeled her wheelbarrow
Through the streets, broad and narrow
Crying, "Cockles and mussels, alive, alive, oh"


I'll just steal a photo of the statue.
  

Too many tourists gathering round, I don't want to linger and vie for a spot.


  

Oh, Chicago is the best city, you say?
(In front of the National Gallery, no less)
Well, shit.  Why did I spend all that time on a plane?
I guess, globally, Chicago is just about the smallest you could consider a big city
Dublin is about half the population, so not in the running


900


  

Oscar Wilde behind bars.  Just as he was in life
  

This counts as a selfie


  
  



The weather is actually very nice when the sun decides to peek through
I've taken off my hat


A sizeable group of gardas walking past
And two more just stationed on the corner
Wasn't gonna jaywalk in front of em until some guy did it first
Wait, is this a trap, is he a plant?
You know if you're a garda you gotta say you're a garda


Ok, no cuffs, looks like jaywalking isn't a real crime here, just like in real life
Or work was too hard, indeed
A comical genius




  

The Ol’ Beggar’s Bush
  

Dave King grew up around here
A lovely little neighborhood 
No beggars in sight, seems they all moved west, young man


1000
  
  

Yeah, We’re kinda a Big Deal around here


I've spent a couple hours walking, time for a rest
Sittin’ on the dock of the bay
  

Ok, in all honesty, I couldn't find a dock, so I used a rock. 
Then, a bench


  

Beer, Whippits, Vodka.  Looks like Jon and Anita had a good time here
“We weren’t even in-country at the time…”


Park has
An industrial smell
Dogs pissing on things
A whole bunch of little girls playing soccer (I'm sorry, football)
Someone just got knocked the hell over
“Are ya alright, Olivia?”


Man say ‘morning to me in that thick brogue I needed him to
To put a wide smile on my face
He sounds exactly like Paddy Mayne from SAS


Trying to calculate how much sleep I'm running on, but head's too fuzzy for maths
Grab myself a dbl espresso from the little window of Park Lane Coffee


This statue
  

Is staring at this graffiti
  



Despite knowing better, I keep mispronouncing quay in my head.
Hope I never have a cause to say it, cause I might slip up
(Jon says it wrong almost every time…)


  



1130
Duck into the National Gallery
Dodge the suggested donations and it's an incredible free experience 
Bigger than it looks from the outside
It's got Rembrant, El Greco, Vermeer
Not exactly what I came here to see, but a pleasing diversion 
  



I'm not saying it's causal, per se, but…
This homeless person has misspelled both God and bless. (Good bles)


1200
Made it through my planned route a little faster than I expected.
Well, I did pencil in Book of Kells, but it requires you to commit to a time and all the slots I'd want filled up.
 Leaving lots of time for free form roaming into adventures I had not anticipated


I'm on the edge of the shopping district
Tourist asks a rando if that's what this is and she cheerfully affirms
“Shopping for the hell of shopping is what I call it”
Ok, not really my thing, but I'll check it out


Guy playing a guitar
But it's the most inoffensive and boring as hell instrumental
Down the street a bit more there's a woman with a sad, soulful voice
She had a crowd
“I never said that we'd die together 
That doesn't mean that it was a lie”


She sounds a lot like Allie
Billy Jean
But says her name is Nrsha or somesuch
“Everybody come a little closer so I don't get in trouble for taking up too much space”
She makes me glad I gave this place a shot, even though I hate to shop
This crass consumerism is anathema to my core




On my way back she's singing 
Bohemian rhapsody 
And I'm surely in the background of half a dozen YouTube videos as I walk past behind her


Ok, and now the guitar guy was just playing bass and his lead friend was on break or something


Stumbled into the back end of god knows what, but I think that's Russian they’re speaking
  



1230
Head across the river, to where we should be staying next
Deja Vu how many times I walked this in street view
And no, it wasn't out of date, it really does look that shady IRL


Booking.com has been a convenient, centralized place for us to find places to stay
But when you book a room in some random apartment in a somewhat shady part of town, it doesn't make a great place to rendezvous
No street number for the address.  Not sure whether we’ve found it on google maps
Dad has some interaction with the proprietor, but they haven’t been exact with the location, says just look for the PantiBar
Yeah, we can find the PantiBar
  
But Mother says:  “I don’t want to meet at the PantiBar”
  

  
I suggest the catty corner bar, Jack Nealons
But it’s not even open at this hour.  Thank the gods we still have communication channels open


Duck into TP Smith's 
Probably shouldn't be drinking now, since I'm practically seeing double just from exhaustion
But feck it, I need a place to sit as I kill a lil time before checkin 
And I just realized the damn ATM gave me 50s, which are so often awkward or impossible to spend


  

Slainté 
First Guinness in Ireland 🇮🇪
Surely not the last 


There's two bartenders here
The one that served me is maybe Polynesian, maybe Latina
At first I thought her accent was American, but after I hear her a bit more, it is Irish (emphasis on the ish, I guess)
The other one has short spikey hair dyed platinum blonde and a heavy brogue 


The first seems to default to a sorrowful expression 
It looks like a grimace, then a forced grin, before she emits a little genuine laughter.


The latter seems to have an irritated ferocity
She hums along to 
Paper planes
(I love this song)


Messaged my folks
Just scouted the rendezvous point and it's all closed up, at least at noon thirty.  


(PantiBar isn't open either, but I saw some movement in there and heard a door rattle)


I'm thinking a better place to meet would be TP smith's.  It's just across the street from the place I think you're going to park and their Guinness tastes fine ;)


The door to the Jarvis building is locked and I haven't yet found a more promising candidate.   


The Southside of the river is super cool and looking forward to checking it out with you folks
Maybe we need to scout further, since our current prospects seem so dismal
But WHY!? would they mention the PantiBar if it wasn't a clue
Smells like it's a trap 
Oh well, sounds like a tomorrow problem


  

National wax museum
Advertising itself via loudspeaker
  

Happy Star Wars Day
May the fourth be with you


  

Foggy Dew
No pipe did hum
No battle drum did sound its loud tattoo
But the Angelus Bells o'er the Liffey swells
Rang out in the foggy dew


Right proudly high in Dublin town
Hung they out a flag of war
'Twas better to die 'neath that Irish sky
Than at Sulva or Sud-El-Bar


And from the plains of Royal Meath
Strong men came hurrying through
While Brittania's Huns with their long range guns
Sailed in through the foggy dew


1430
OH:


“The nacho quest continues”


“Lookatit i came all the way to Dublin to get a subway sandwich” 


“We don't want a snack we want dinner”


Maybe it's time for me to find something to eat


Check in Harding Hotel
There's breakfast, but my booking didn't include it, so there'd be a charge
There's a bar for which we have our own secret entrance 


Oh great,  I've walked over 10 miles so far today and they put me on the fifth floor
How am I going to make it back after walking 10 more?
Ok, after having climbed those stairs I see there's a lift right next to my room
I think I was just distracted when checkin told me where it is
  

The view from my room.  One better than I’m used to.


  

Had a cracker containment breach
No casualties reported, just some crumbs on the bed


Have a lie-down, need a rest, but aughtn't sleep
My patterns are already abysmal 


Head down the lift and find this leads right into Darkey's 
Probably doesn't have the same magnitude of negative connotations as it does in the states, I just hope no one asks me to say it
  



The trad music pied pipers me in, but it looks a bit too crowded and I back out.
We'll keep it in mind for a night cap


Out on the street, looking for a place to eat.


Another Viking boat (splash tours) driving down the street


  

Turns out the “Russians” were actually Latvians.  Big oops


Live music at O'Riordan's Bar pulls me in
Rare ol mountain dew
Some say the devil is dead
  

I got myself a little table in the corner.
Waiter seems quite an agreeable fellow
He seems familiar, but I can't quite place who he reminds me of
then it hits me


Anything to drink?
Guinness 
Perfect
Decided what you want to eat?
Fish & chips
Perfect. 👍


They play Wild Rover “feel free to clap along”
I'm giddy, this is a dream come true
Jalapeño-pea curry Mayo
Can't really taste the jalapeño, but the curry is nice.  I like it better than tartar sauce


Sounds like he's closing out with a twist on Folsom Prison blues
I can't quite catch the name of the prison he's substituting
But I clearly heard:  “Drinking coke zero and smoking big fat joints”


I've seen a lot of taxis, more than I expected
A handful of homeless, fewer than I expected
A (je ne se quais… gaggle, I guess) of gingers.  That seems about right


The band wraps up and they switch to radio or whatever
Dream on and other modern rock


  

I'm not sure I've ever actually had mushy peas before
They always look pretty gross, but they're actually… kinda good?


1650
Looks like the next band is warming up
They play along with “we didn't start the fire” after it gets shut off
Then some traditional instrumental as warm up
And they play Wild Rover too (everyone does)
We got some quarrelous shouters in the audience
Yeah! that's what we were missing
Still somewhat lacking in the clapping department 


I'm fading into a little bit of a disassociative state
A surreal ‘other side of the mirror’ vibe
It's not unpleasant, per se


I could be glued to my phone right now, but instead I'm glued to my notebook
It doesn't give me anything, it only takes
So, in turn, I must take to feed its insatiable hunger
I take with my eyes, my ears, my mind
(And I wrote a handful of other such thoughts, that feel profound after a pint and feeble in the sober light of day.  At this rate, this write-up is gonna take forever to edit)


1730
“We're gonna play a song from cherished Irish artist Christie Moore”
And what is it?
City of Chicago
Oh God, I should've known.  Voted best big city, after all.
Or are they just trying to tell me we'd be better off staying at home?


He comes up from behind and gives me a lil jump scare
“More beer, sir?”
Ah, no thanks, I'm good
From my handwriting I can see I'm not drunk and I want to keep it that way


Really!?  I mean, really? 
This is the song that gets the most audience participation? 
Take me home, country roads
(Feels like it must be a fluke, but it turns out every band in the Temple Bar District plays it)


And wait, did he just say West V…
Ah, naw, I'm sure those guys over there are coincidentally laughing at something unrelated.


Time to wander some more, stir the pot


At the Bad Ass they're singing 3 little birds


  

Biker revs and gestures to the bus driver 
They're gonna race
Big smile, 👍


Catch my reflection in a window, a weird reminder that I do still exist outside my head.
Ok, maybe I'm getting a bit too loopy right now, but it's still too early to go to bed


Turn a corner, go random blocks turn again, repeat
Classic random walk
  

Seems like this neighborhood goes on forever
Then, oh wait, I recognize that from a photo I've taken
I've been here a few times 


A shaggy, disheveled man, oddly dressed, smoking a cigarette approaches me, asking for help
I'm sure this is about some change or I'm about to get scammed 
His story begins…


I'm about to get a tattoo…
(Oh yeah, man, I'm full of ideas, you chose the right dude)
And my phone broke
(He pulls out a phone with a shattered screen to illustrate the veracity of this statement.  Wait, he's not gonna take mine, is he?)
I know, I'm close, man.  Can you look it up on your phone and give me directions?
(Okaaaay, what's the name of the place?)
Just search for “tattoo shop”
(Ok, there's like a dozen of them close by, which one is it)
Wild Cat
(Ok, looks like it's on the other side of the river)
No, man, there's another one, it's like right here.
(I'm not sure we sent him to the right place, but he's definitely on his way to a tattoo shop)
  

Now they're singing Country Roads at Bad Ass


1900
  



  

I've enjoyed the whole exploration, but so far the Temple Bar district is my absolute favorite 
I would liken it to Beyaglu, but less scary since it's not in a big city, but it is in an old one
Recurring moments where I turn a corner and “oh my god” at some elegant architecture or grand cityscape, 
but it's the intimate little pub moments, eclectic crowd and random conversations that I most enjoy




2000
Did a drive by of Darkey Kelly's pub, but it was super packed
I need to sleep, anyways.
Even if I wake up obscenely early tomorrow I'll be better off than today


…
Wake up feeling reasonably refreshed
Looks like there's light coming through the window. 
Odd, I never sleep all the way through the night.  Hope I didn't oversleep too badly.
Let's check my phone to see what's the damage 


2100
WTF.  One hour?
(Why are you like this?)
Guess I'll try to get back to sleep
(One of the few times the 24 hour setting quite helped clear up confusion)


Monday, May 5 (Cinco de Mayo) - Dublin
Dublin in the rare old times


0000
Awake again 
I'm not saying the walls are paper thin, but my neighbor is definitely watching the Thanksgiving episode of West Wing


200
Awake again
Too much caffeine, too many thoughts rattling around, can't even sleep in a comfy bed


630
Ok, a reasonable time to be up
Father forwards some more information for accessing Heart of Dublin
Still sounds pretty shady, but now more like an adventure than a scam.
Looks like it is in the building I thought it would be


700
Viking cafe
  

Wish the coffee were Irish instead of the breakfast
Haha, ok, wait of course they have that too 
Valhalla calling




730
Spar still isn't open
Must be on account of the holiday 
Return to my room and work on the doc
Make myself a cup of coffee


900
  
And that's it


Spar is open now.
Find the little kiosk
The secret code is accepted
Little door opens.  Got the keys!
  

Now, to see if they work


Got in the first door.
Remember to turn clockwise


Key doesn't fit the second door.
  

There's gotta be a trick
That looks like it could be a button.
No, can't press it.
Camera is watching me.  So, this is an escape room.  If I struggle long enough surely someone will give me a hint.
Looks like there is an envelope on the mailboxes.
Is it a clue?
  

Looks like a bill, but maybe I'm supposed to read it?
Ok, take another assessment of my inventory
Waitaminute this blue thing looks like an RFID tag.  


And it works!


Ground floor smells like weed…
  
Elevator
RFID again to access the stairs
And again to get in the first floor.
After a few false halls I find 103


  

Key goes in the lock, but it does not turn
Try finagle and finesse 
I hear noises in my neighbor's room.
Maybe someone will come out and teach me how to use a lock.


The knob seems to turn alright
It seems the thing holding the door closed is a little higher than the lock, since the bottom has so much give.


Waitaminute, that eye hole looks suspiciously like a keyhole. 
You don't think…
Yep, key fits and turns.  
  

Paint it black


Alright folks. (Hacker voice)  I'm in.
(What's the next mystery?)


It for sure is a sketchy area, but actually a very nice room
It is legit and I can checkout without storing my bag






930
Checking out of Harding
He asks me what where I'm headed
Back across the river to meet my folks
And I express my regrets we're not staying here, such a lovely place
Could use that Irish coffee after all that
Or as the Irish call it:  coffee


“Have a seat.  I'll bring.”
The whiskey is Jameson 
I try paying with cash
He's not sure he has change for the fifty
Yep, that's what I was afraid of
Do you have card? 
Yeah
He has trouble figuring out the POS
It's 10 euro
He types 1 then 0 then other things
At some point 1.00
And then 11
No, that's not right
I furtively offer to type it for him.  It's a trivial operation.
Flustered he gives up.
Checks his little lock box
Actually. Does have change.
I pay in cash


  

Maps for sure has me going through a locked gate
  
Rerouting


What Dublin has in common with rural America 
A shit-ton of churches and bars
But Dublin dials it up to 11


1100
  

Cemetery blows me away
If this were a video game there'd be a loading screen here.  It's another world.
I wasn't expecting this much
It's just so dense, beautiful, serene
Birds chirping
Ignore the guy in the distance on the bullhorn or PA or whatever
Oh, music starts playing


  

If this were a video game…
It would have been a side quest to restore this monument 


  



  

I don't know…
The emphasis on accidentally drowned
And killed
Makes me think both were definitely on purpose 


  

Did not die?
Think they jumped the gun on this one


1200
  

Water swirling soothingly        


Finnegan's wake
You know, the word whiskey, which is a lovely word, comes from the gaelic uisce beatha, which means water of life


  

IDK, man, I love a bargain as much as the next guy, but if prison taught me anything, it's never trust a free tattoo


  

Frank Gavin photography
This reminds me of a classic baby picture of me.  
Who wore it best?
  





  

103 it's a clue to our room.  It's gotta be
The colors mean something 


  



And now that's twice today that I've inspired others to jaywalk


1240
It's been a journey
Eight miles so far today
But when I see that PantiBar flag
I know I'm home
  

Rest my weary bones
Recharge my weary phone


Chilling in the room
Like, literally chilling until I solve the puzzle of the dang heater
  
Step 1/4


Check (break?) in Heart of Dublin


1530
Just saw a blonde woman and a bald man walk out the car park, but somehow it wasn't my mom and dad 
It's not too much later before the real deal shows up.
We debrief at TP Smith's 
(Sorrow is here, Fierce is not.)
They got through the airport a breeze, just like me
But apparently, the rental car place had a row with respect to insurance
Despite their coverage via…
Anyway, long story short, not going with Budget again
On a happier note, their Scotland activities 
Popped tyre, too cold, a lot of sheep
Fairy pools and a hearty woman with a big old dog in a backpack
“So we helped her stand up”
A robust Highland Girl


  

It's not too early for a Guinness, is it?
I mean, if we want to stay up late
Oi, you're in Ireland now.  And when in rome…
A round of Guinness 
I get curry, dad bangers and mash and ma, celebrating Cinco right, gets fajitas.


The solo portion of my trip has gone smoothly 
I am a grownass man, but still a little shocked when I manage to successfully do a non-trivial amount of adulting


Ma points out this sign
  

Ohhh, so that's why they are so cagey about the location
We're contraband 


Ok, settled into the room, it's time to head out for new adventures 
Temple Bar district is a must, but it's early yet
Let's see some sights before we dedicate ourselves to debauchery


1800
For something low-key I navigate back to the  art gallery, but it's a little later than I thought and already closed


  

Back to Wilde's park, a popular place
People soaking in the sun
  



1830
Exploring Trinity College
  



1900
Heading back ways, we stop by Molly Malone
Another must-do checked off
“She's got a shiny bosom”
Jon….
“Because you rub them for good luck”
Anita…
My folks, saying the quiet part out loud.
controversy 
  



  

Temple Bar: Point
But take a look around, for the natives can't be found.
Except for the junkies, beggars, thieves.
The locals have more sense(cents).
Euro, shillings, pence.
And they know round here it won't go far.


Temple Bar: Counterpoint
So come on down, out on the town
Cause' this is where a good time can be found
So bring along the old squeeze box, the fiddle and guitar
Let′s have a good old night in Temple Bar
There is no better place to be than this old town tonight
Nobody's going home till' they turn out the lights


We get ourselves recorded on the webcam
So uncle Tom et al can see us
  

The plus took the video






1930
It says it's heated so we check out the roof garden
It does have heaters, but it's still cold
  

The views not great  and the music ain't right, so we head back downstairs and get some drinks
The live music is too loud to ask the bartender for recommendations.  Wish they had a volume knob accessible to us
Ma gets a Bushmills, but isn't impressed by it


So far, the music hasn't been traditional enough for ma
Can't help that this guy is playing Green Day. 🤨
Hey, at least it's got green in the name


2000
Next table over, looks like they're what? 12
Ma says they're seniors, I don't believe it
Oh, she has a class of ‘25 sweater
Guess that gives it away
But I still don't believe it
Appears to have the name of all the seniors.
Must not be from the city
  



He plays a song for the crazy drunk party Scottish girls (but I repeat myself)
  





Then
Mr brightside
A song that never left top 100?
A song that I've only ever been vaguely aware of


Anyone from Sweden?  It's gonna be Abba isn't it?  Somehow it's 
Save Tonight


An Irishman yells “Fuck off, Scotland!”
Gets him a slap from his lady
Ma sez:  “they aren't gonna make it to 9.  Amateurs”


We were just talking colors
I wore my green so I wouldn't get pinched.  But did you bring any orange for Belfast?
Speak of the devil, a woman in orange just walked in and immediately back out




2030
Back to temple bar Epic Accordion Solo!
Too crowded, too loud


2100
Head over to the whiskey place
Nice, quiet, inviting.  ~50 page menu
These prices are insane!  But yolo, we’re in
  

Streams of whiskey
I am going, I am going
Any which way the wind may be blowing
I am going, I am going
Where streams of whiskey are flowing
Order two flights, tiny little tasters
One for the four different types of Irish Whiskey and one exclusively from Dublin
  

It comes with an education 
“Then the English took us over”
They put a tax on it and “us Irish don't like being told what to do
(Autocomplete just suggested us Irish don't like being drunk.   I mean, WTF, read the room!)
Peares is made in a repurchased church  (Like Alice's restaurant, ma points out)
12 years is their oldest
  

But, who learned more from this exchange?  
My mother is a cultural ambassador
“We don't really do cherries here”
The quality of the cherry is the yardstick by which ma measures your old fashioned 
And I think she just introduced picklebacks to Ireland 
And prefunerals.  Gilhouligans wake: 1 shot Irish mist, 1 whiskey, 1 Irish cream
She says to ma:  “I like you, you're fun”


2130
Ready to head out again
Looking for the right music 
Outside Fitzsimons we recognize this guy as a band we were enjoying.
He lost his van to the garda, for forgetting to pay
You see, he bought a new one, was basically living in it 
Just touring around and didn't really realize that buying it didn't reset the clock on tax
I did the same, got off with a warning
There's a grace period in Ireland, too
But “90 days is kinda takin the piss”
Check ‘Feckin’ eejit’ off the bingo card
“Best way to be is a nobody” - Niall
He's gotta catch a bus to Carlow
Follow me up to Carlow
“So, you're a poor, starving musician?”
“Don't say that, you'll make me depressed.  I'm just a musician”
“If I had known where you were from, I'd play 
Sweet Home Chicago
I know that song”
2200
They're playing devil is dead so we head back inside
Then it's wagon wheel, classic bait and switch


(I just got the Aren ferry email confirmation.  I bought the tickets in MO before my flight.  
I remember refreshing and refreshing ‘cause the confirmation page implied I need the email)


Some siren in the crowd singing along (quite loudly) in her style
“Such a lovely singing voice” (sarcasm)
“It's hurting my ears”


If the next song is Irish we stay, else we leave
(False: next song is not Irish and we stay)


And now they're playing Country Roads 🙄


2230
Back to the Temple Bar and we're in the midst of another insane Accordion solo
Turns out it was an interlude for, you guessed it, country roads.
Oh well, guess you gotta play what the crowds want.
Then he slips into an American folk medley
Starting with Coming round the mountain
(“I wish I were that mountain”)
Cotton eye Joe (Technically Swedish)
Concluding with You are my sunshine 


2330
Head back for bed


As I went home on Monday night as drunk as drunk could be
I saw a horse outside the door where my old horse should be
Well, I called me wife and I said to her: Will you kindly tell to me
Who owns that horse outside the door where my old horse should be?


Ah, you're drunk,
you're drunk you silly old fool,
still you can not see
That's a lovely sow that me mother sent to me
Well, it's many a day I've travelled a hundred miles or more
But a saddle on a sow sure I never saw before


Tuesday, May 6 - Dublin
Dirty old town


230
Shipping up to Boston 
Wakes us up.  It’s dad's ring tone.
A phone call from a friend who presumably doesn't know we're abroad


630
A reasonable time to wake up
Making plans with ma
Lemon Jelly for breakfast 
Then Tesco express for some groceries
Spending less money on food so we can spend more on whiskey, I like your thinking


800
  
  

Breakfast at the Lemon Jelly is lovely
Our waitress is positively ebullient, a delightful dervish
“No worries!”
I think she's been sampling too much of her own (caffeinated) product
Taking our order, she stoops, abruptly stands
Ma says: “You can sit”
“Oh, thank you!”
Everything is lovely
(But dad's order of French toast and bacon, just got something like a yes, sir)


2 tables over, an older couple from AZ
She tentatively broaches the subject of titles
So…  you're a miss?
Mhmhh
And I'm a ma'am?


To me she says:
“Your leather thing is lovely.  A journal, is it?”


Later I look up Lemon Jelly
Oh, that's why it sounded familiar
I started listening to this band in college
Nice weather for ducks


900
Grocery shopping at Tescos, in the big shopping center next to tp smith's
A maze to explore, like Bowie’s labyrinth 
Replete with stairs / escalators
And a handful of babies 
Checkout is overly complicated 
The machine keeps yelling at us
But now we should be good for a while


Ramen
  

Bread
  

a bag of flour and a bucket of water
It's a bread called spelt 


930
  
Found a lone, abandoned ear butt on the sidewalk


1030
Head out to kill some time before our leprechaun appointment
See a guy with only one ear butt 
Dang, we should have picked up the orphan and handed it to him 
No wait.  Maybe it belonged to this guy.
Oh wait.  yeah, it’s just common to keep one ear open to the world 


Head to the Wolfe Tone park
I've only known it as a band
Looking up the person
He was a protestant, but a leader in Irish independance
Interesting


Walk to the post office by the spire
Send Marie her birthday card
There are two boxes: 
One for mail to Dublin 
One for everywhere else
  



1130
Our tour starts
Izzy, our tour guide, says, follow me outside so we can go inside


She's on the younger side, but a talented storyteller.  I wonder how long she's been at this
It feels polished and well-practiced without feeling stale or rote or static
It's the sort of position that would attract a melodramatic theater kid, but she comes across as funny, charming, charismatic 
From the south side of Dublin
25 minutes by car, two hours by public transport 
Three lovely lassies from Kimmage
(Kimmage is a suburb on the south side of the city of Dublin, Ireland)


Fairies hate Iron.  And yellow.
And they wear boots
You gotta believe me


He slays the sea beast, but ends up dead from his injuries
“And that's a happy ending in an Irish tale”


“Glad you said shovel, the group yesterday said dynamite”
And I'm sure she'll say the same thing tomorrow, even though we said shovel 


The scientists will all tell ya all this shite.  Don't listen to them
Listen to the crazy tour guide, over-caffeinated, ADHD, all that


As we travel through the rainbow hallway we shrink down to leprechaun size
  

That's a normal sized chair
  



Her da asks her why her sweater is red, not green
“You'd know if you took the tour just once”
 
1230
Tour is over
Trying to rendezvous with Bennie
They're on the way to Dublin, trying to find gas


1330
  

  

Dad bought a Guinness t-shirt en route


We walk to the National Gallery to see some art and kill some time
  

Exit across from the park with my good friend Gene Wilder (As da likes to call him)
  





1430
Reached staycity (one of many, hopefully the right one)
  

A brief wait and Amanda walks in
Worst drive ever.  Took 15 wrong turns
She checks in with Nacho, from España
Her new best friend
Smilies and hearts on the key envelope
“Is he trying to pick you up?”
“No, he's super gay”


They’re in room 314
A room for the handicapped, for some reason…
  
 




Across the street there’s a graffiti artist working on a bender pharoah
  

Celtics symphony
Graffiti on the walls says we're magic, we're magic


He occasionally has to take a break from the fumes
I mean, they’re non-trivial from this far away
He sits, takes a breather, imbibes alcohol


While we're waiting outside for Amanda to park, Nacho walks past us
“Quite the artist, eh?” (Gesturing towards the graffiti guy)


1630
Ok, we're in the temple bar district, let's find some more live music, if it isn't too early
They got some at Oliver St John's Gogarty
The place with the hats we ended up last night
Are we starting now?
We started…


  

Oh, Merlot…  Dad has Chicago on the brain, thought it said Malort 
USA
Born on the south side of Chicago town
And on warm summer nights we would all gather 'round
Away from Irish parents eyes






  

Gin and tonic with Irish gin.  The gunpowder gin
They don’t mix the two, always give you the mixer in a baby bottle
  



  

Ma gets redbreast, something she liked from the flight
Dad gets a cider
  

Johnny jump up
Try whiskey or vodka, ten years in the wood
Says I, I'll try cider, I've heard that it's good


Amanda points out ma has a protected species ensconced around her neck  (shh…)


1700
What's that?
Cucumber, lime, lemon and…
That looks like blueberry
I pop one in my mouth
And say “It's juniper”
Ah, that makes sense
(JK it is a blueberry)
Ma bites one and confirms
Puts it back in my glass
What?  
Ok, she plucks it back out and eats the rest of it


1730
Moving on
U2 at the temple bar
Norseman has U2too
But we sit down for another round


Bennie orders a Smithwicks 
Glass or Pint?
Yes, please 
(Pint)


Ma gets a baby Guinness 
  



1800
B:  You're killing me, George
D:  Smalls
B:  I couldn't remember Smalls, so I called you George
Duck into the place with the swanky bouncer
The Quayside Dublin 


  

Rattlin Bog
I'll teach you how to clap…
Basically when you need to stop
Are they zz top?
IDK 🤷‍♂️ 


1830
Mary, no!  You can't order a black and tan here
Talking with a Californian couple on their honeymoon
He tried to order a black and tan and they basically kicked him out  
See !?  We told ya so.


We try to re-explain why that's rather a sore subject. 
Black and tans
I was born on a Dublin street where the Royal drums the beat
And the loving English feet they went all over us
And every single night when me da' would came home tight
He'd invite the neighbors out with this chorus


Come out ye black and tans, come out and fight me like a man
Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders
Tell her how the IRA made you run like hell away
From the green and lovely lanes of Killashandra




If the next song isn't irish…
Van Morrison
May have been born in Belfast
But it's brown eyed girl
So we bounce
        
A little time in Bad Ass
  
  



1930
Then back to Oliver St. John
  



Ma (via Mary) requests 
All for me grog
Apparently, “every artist knows a different version”
And these fellows don't know the same one
Or so they say.  They won’t play it


  

“They are so cute!”  Mary gushes 
A doorbell?
No, that's different 
Think they're a couple?
No.
They both seem like lads
And the way they look at each other 
And they don't know the same version of ‘all for me grog’, it'd never work
But this couple from Paris they were so cute.  And they were a doorbell


2000
Now even this band is playing country roads
Have any of these people ever even been to West Virginia? 
And yet we haven't heard that ole standard Sweet Caroline even once


2030
  

Yeah, that’s winnie the pooh with a joint.  IDK, man


Bennie is chatting up our neighbors 
How do you get her to stop?
Stop what?
Stop talking
Nope, it's not gonna happen
She's got the gift of gab
Made even worse from kissing the blarney stone
Now, she's nigh unstoppable 


2130
We've parted ways and headed to our respective homes
In anticipation of an early morning tomorrow 


And as I went home on Tuesday night as drunk as drunk could be
I saw a coat behind the door where my old coat should be
Well, I called me wife and I said to her: Will you kindly tell to me
Who owns that coat behind the door where my old coat should be


Ah, you're drunk,
you're drunk you silly old fool,
still you can not see
That's a woollen blanket that me mother sent to me
Well, it's many a day I've travelled a hundred miles or more
But buttons in a blanket sure I never saw before


Wednesday, May 7 - Dublin




500
I turned off work notifications
Check my email this morning. Not many.  
A teams thread i should weigh in on, but nothing on fire
Good.


Only one coffee cup
So I’m gonna drink my coffee from a bowl
  

Ma says: I think you could put it in a cup, but I'm just afraid it would crack
Now I'm no expert on crack…  (But I am an expert on craic?)
It's about the size of the cup they gave me espresso in yesterday, anyways


Ma doing her duolingo
Las chiquitas cuesten vente dolares 
No.  Wait.  Chaquetas 


Not that I'm complaining, but I just noticed there's no TV in this room.
Might be interesting to see what they show.
You tube is giving me ads tailored to the isle


Better to take too many than too few
But our Ireland photo album is already over 300 pictures. 
This doc is going to take forever to finish


We're all wearing downy jackets that keep shedding feathers
“Feel free to pluck me throughout the day”
“Pluck yourself”


800


  

There's a kissburn wrapper on the sidewalk!
And it's not yours?


Driving is stressful for father
Didn’t you take a shower this morning?
The body wash should have put you in a good mood.
  

It did, but now traffic…
But at least now we get to listen to some Irish music.
Lanigan's ball


We drive past the cemetery that I visited 
“It looks like a castle”
Maybe we should hit it on the way back
Eh, that won't work, since we'll be coming back from the airport, not this route
Bru Na Boinne
Newgrange


900
NB head to the visitor center, not the monument directly.
  



  

Cool.  Will hallucinogenic substances be provided or do we have to bring our own?
Brú na Bóinne Trippin


1000
  

First stop: Knoweth
(Isn't that a Pokémon?)
  



The quartz glows in the dark when you rub ‘em together 
We're not going to do it today, take my word for it
We did it once when nobody was around


She referrers to old timey full scale warfare as “a little bit of Argy Bargy, as we'd call it”
  



Well, there it is
5000 years of history as fast Yvonne could deliver it 
You're all experts now on the Neolithic Era 
Well, as expert as anyone in some regards
So much we just don't know and have no way of knowing


Short film, get back on the bus, head to Newgrange


John is a fun tour guide
That's a tractor full of schoolchildren headed to the farm
“They'll be on the way to the supermarket by 6.  Just kidding”


We're splitting into two groups
“Stand next to the people you want to be grouped with
If it's been a long morning I understand…”
  



Do a loop around the mound.  Is that a duck or a pizza oven?
It's all a matter of perspective.  No one actually knows…
  



Get a picture of me next to my favorite rock
  



  

We call this: The triple spiral.
You won't find it anywhere else in the world


It's gonna be a tight fit
So if you're claustrophobic you should go last
We have to stop and turn around since one guy is too big to make it
Heck, it wasn't a cakewalk for me, how did this other guy make it?
Oh, he's an octopus.
Somber nod
  





  

Some awesome looking notebooks in the gift shop
I might just need a new one before the trip is over
My folks offer to buy one.  But look, it’s stone
Way too heavy for travel


1230
They speak French and look European 
But dad overheard someone ask ‘whats your nationality?’ and they said Canadian. 
Ahh, Quebecoi. 


I feel some dripping.
My pants are wet 
My bag is wet
One of the water bottles was left partially open.


1330
Drive to the airport to pick up Bennie and Amanda, who have dropped off their rental car
To navigate back home, we put that old familiar landmark into the GPS: the PantiBar 
But this certainly isn't the route the bus took from the airport to the city
Granted there might have been a wrong turn
But maybe it's more that it's configured to dodge tolls
We're cruising through residential districts
Stick your head out the window and if you smell anything good let's stop in for lunch
Heyyyy, cousin so and so!


I notice the GPS is having us turn on Botanic road
And you know what's near the botanical garden?
The cemetery 


1400
  

  

  

Park at the cemetery to walk over to John Kavanagh’s
“Do you have any food here?”
“Best in class”
But you have to get it on the other side of the wall
This half is the original bar, maintaining its integrity as a drinking establishment 
The food was an afterthought 
  



No menus 
Take a picture of the chalkboard 
  

Tapas-ish
Waitress says
Get some Irish spring rolls
You won't find these anywhere else in the world


  



The woman that sat us down seems kind of dour
But the woman that took our order is a delightful hoot
The guy that drops off our drinks looks like Eugene Mirman 


Are you OK for another drink?
Benny says ‘Yes’
“Yes, you're OK or yes to the drink?”
“I mean, yes, I'd like another one.  I'm OK with drinking it”


Notice the bag.  Fancy a Coddle?
  

I'd like a coddle (and also some food)
What's a coddle?
  

Ciaran's coddle.  “That's my brother”
Everyone's coddle is different 
And this one is ours
The sausage is boiled, the squidgy texture is a little offputting
It’s like eating fingers, but it's flavored like breakfast sausage, so I quite enjoy it


Amanda gets a rhubarb crumble.  And only one spoon
Turs out, the person serving us is a 7th generation Kavanagh and she made the crumble.
Her daughter is here working too.
Her two sons went their own way, but hopefully some of their many children will join the fray


Est 1833, the oldest family pub in Dublin 
This is the other brother, the “manager”
Ma, the real manager is just upstairs 
Hopefully not in a psycho state of repose


And now we're explaining how we all know each other
Mary and Jon are siblings, but Anita and Mary were friends before they were family.


After eating we head over to the bar side
“We're back”
“I could smell ya from the door”
  



A round of drinks then through the fence to the cemetery 


Did anyone catch whether the bartender was a Kavanaugh? 
I note:  His name tag said…
No.  That's not a name tag.
That's the name of the pub.  
Did you think her name was John, too?
😳


Tour the cemetery 
  

Visit the gift shop
  



I read several random excerpts from Finnegan's wake
But  Danno  the  Dane  grimmed.  Dune. 
'Twere  yeg  will  elsecare  doatty  lanv  meet  they  dewscent  hyemn 
to  cannons'  roar  and  rifles'  peal  vill  shantey  soloweys  sang!  For 
there  were  no  more  Tyrrhanees  and  for  Laxembraghs  was  pass- 
thecupper  to  Our  Lader's.  And  it  was  dim  upon  the  floods  only 
and  there  was  day  on  all  the  ground.
Yep.  It's 600 some pages of this nonsense
Read the whole thing and none of it made sense
This is the only section that stuck with me
In  the  name  of  Annah  the  Allmaziful,  the  Everliving,  the 
Bringer  of  Plurabilities,  haloed  be  her  eve,  her  singtime  sung,  her 
rill  be  run,  unhemmed  as  it  is  uneven !


  

(Not sure about that motto.  The king can kiss my ass)


  

Now I'm not wishing anyone dead, but an Irish funeral would be quite a thing to witness


The night that Paddy Murphy died


1800
Nacho recommend the music and dancing at the Church so we head there
  

hand me down my bible


But there's a private party in the cellar, so none of that appears to be going on
And this place is both hoity and toity
(“The servers are wearing ties”)
So we bounce
  



1830
  

Yeah, this guy seems legit


1900
  
  

A bit of a trek to the Hairy Lemon in pursuit of Sticky Toffee
The folks saw it on the menu all over Scotland 
Thought they'd missed their chance to try it.
Here, it required a bit of a search.
Are you here for food or drinks?
Can we get a table for dessert and drinks?
I'll have to ask…


So, they find us a table
In front of the fireplace
Away from the others 
You'll have to clear out by 8, since this is where the band will be.  Is that alright? 
Sure, we promise


“I just licked your fork!  I didn't mean to shout that” 
  



Knicking some condiments
The bowl on the table only has sauces for savory
But Amanda's Americano comes with some sugar she doesn't need
I stick them in my bag until I remember it's still damp from the earlier water incident


  

Met a celebrity today


Both of these are lovely Lemon establishments
But do not search for lemon party.
The AI overview has a blind spot or has been sanitized
  

At least Dictionary.com recognizes it as a classic shock image, not stock image


Is the band worth sticking around for?
Waiter says they play traditional irish music, starting sharply at 8


  



The band (one guy, as per) is walking in as we are walking out
“Hey, we were just sitting in your spot!”
So they kicked us out (no they didnt, we were done)
He asks us where we're from, in a London RP accent
He spent some time in Atlanta so we get more specific than America
He seems nice, so let's stick around the area until he starts playing


2000
Should we just head over to Temple Bar now?
It's a little after 8, he should be starting soon.
His first song is No woman, no cry
We just bounce


We're near Mary's bar, we have to head there
  

Oh.  They're playing Jazz  (“Can we just leave now?”)
Well, it's Mary's bar so we have to have a round
  

probably cousins


“Is this a gay bar?  We're the only girls here”
Well, there's hardly anybody in here and it isn't labeled as such on the map, but… Maybe?


“Do you guys actually sell hardware here?”
“Technically it is for sale…”
  





2100
O'Riordan's is playing country roads…
Ole Fitzsimons across the street, Streams of Whiskey so we head in there
Fully expecting the classic bait and switch 
“They're gonna play La bamba”
Close.  It's ‘can't help falling in love with you’
  



  

Another water bottle in my bag has leaked
Was it an explosion? 
No, this was more of a slow leak, only about 40 ml
Good thing we earlier extricated the sugar packets
They kept the inside of the mound dry for 5000 years and I can't keep my bag dry for one afternoon 
“We're gonna take a 5 minute break for 10 minutes, see you in 15”
Heard that before…


It's pre-recorded but at least they're playing 
McAlpine’s Fullisters 






Bennie and Amanda scout next door
“The crowd requested ‘let it be’”
  



New band setting up
“She's got a fiddle” so we'll give ‘em a shot


Ordering another round.  Dave…?
Nothing for me thanks
Not even A Water?
Too soon…


They start out with “Hand me down my bible” a good sign
Irish Rover
Irish Washerwoman
“So far they're 3 for 3”
Finally, a “proper” Irish band


2200
The sun is starting to set
Rainy night in SoHo
Then they play wagon wheel and break the illusion
“I thought we finally found a band that'd only play Irish music”


Benny and Amanda call it a night.
We got Guinness in the morning
(Ok, not til nearly noon, but still…)


2230
I tell my folks that I'm heading out for a doner kebab
What, like the Donner party?  It's not got people in it does it?
Probably not.  I'll bring it back and show you
  

Sweet smell of shisha in the shop
Reminds me of Istanbul


Folks have disappeared by the time I get back and the bar’s door is locked
I find them in the street and we decided to just head home
I share a couple bites of my kebab and then we go to bed
  



Dublin Lullaby




And as I went home on Wednesday night as drunk as drunk could be
I saw a pipe up on the chair where my old pipe should be
Well, I called me wife and I said to her: Will you kindly tell to me
Who owns that pipe up on the chair where my old pipe should be


Ah, you're drunk,
you're drunk you silly old fool,
still you can not see
That's a lovely tin whistle that me mother sent to me
Well, it's many a day I've travelled a hundred miles or more
But tobacco in a tin whistle sure I never saw before


Thursday, May 8 - Dublin
530
Sun is starting to rise
So I reckon I've had all the sleep I'll get
The seagulls sometimes sound like seagulls
But also sound a hell of a lot like howler monkeys.


Making my morning cuppa
Putting into practice, how much more convenient electric kettles are on this side of the pond
  

But I struggle to turn it on, up is off, down is on
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
I have, so many times
What am I missing?
Oh, the plug got knocked loose
IT will cleverly ask you to unplug it and plug it back in
Allowing you to save some face
Knowing full well there's a good chance it was simply unplugged to begin with


  
  

Purple means wait.  Blue means go


800
Book the Jameson Distillery for tomorrow 
As late as is available 
I misspelled my own last name
Often the last ‘t’ gets dropped. But no. I typed Bemmett
  

Which is roughly how it looks when I sign my name
Or: a way to distance myself from my folks
  



Anybody have any idea how we check out tomorrow?  What we do with the key?  No…
Dad starts a message, but wait no, this is an escape room.  We got this.  There must be some clue.
Check the email, follow the link, find the QR code, watch the YouTube video.
Just drop it in the mailbox
  





900
Make our way slowly towards the storeroom 
Stop by the castle
They sell tours of it
We'll just go as far as they'll let us
Spoiler alert:  they never stop us
  

The din of a conference in the conference room
Grab a brief case and let's crash it


930
  

St. Patrick’s Cathedral




1000
Find Amanda and Bennie in front of the Guinness storeroom 
  

We're here at 1030 for the 1045 tour
“It's alright, just hop in the queue”
(And of course ma is hopping quite literally)
We're let inside, but only to be corralled into a basement rope maze holding pen
  



Richie recites a brief intro in front of the 9,000 year lease and turns us loose
  

  



  

  

CGGAGGACTGTCCTCCGGAAGTTCAACTGTGACGGAAGAGATGGTTGTGGA
(a snippet of the GAL1 prometer region that regulates S. cerevisiae genes involved in galactose metabolism)


(a biologist's) Saint Patrick day song


  

Where are the rats?
Good rats
You'll find the Pearly Gates in the froth and the foam
Cause in these vats you've made quite a creation
A potion that turned the Guinness to gold!
  

And where's the tribute to Gosset? 
  



Smells good
A lot like slightly burnt popcorn
  



Dedicated smelling and tasting rooms 
Don't you dare drink this until you get to the next room
What you're gonna learn in there will blow your friggin’ mind


You don't sip Guinness 
“If I catch you sipping I'll finish it for you”
I know the glasses are a doorbell but you have to return them on this tray


1200
Academy
It's Bennett clan and a Canadian (Toronto)
In brief:
1st pour: pull down fully
45 degree angle, aim for the harp then tilt to vertical 
Let it settle
2nd pour: push forward, overflow the top slightly


Make sure it's a Guinness glass, they're especially designed for the beer


Ma misses the glass a little on her first pour
Ah!  Sorry!
I was watching the harp
Is that 45 degrees?


38, American 


Can I lick my fingers?


Sure.  It'd be wrong not to


Did I fail? I give myself a D-


Oho, that generous…


  

Drinking the Guinnesses what we poured


Woman comes to collect our glasses
What was our question?
When did y'all start with this glass design?
I don't know but I can ask someone who does…
Then a band shows up
And starts playing 
Her shoes are glowing?
Or no, just very reflective
  

She comes back with an answer
1955


  

Is breá liom an teicneolaíocht


In gravity bar
Now that we’re experts
Judging the bartender, Connor
He's doing 2 at a time
Expert mode  
And his neighbor's not even looking
Must have taken 200 level courses at least 


He tears our ticket, hands us the stub
Do you want one that isn't soggy?
  



  
AKA water


Da points out Canada as we pass her
Mari-Mac
  



  



1330
  

Oprah is that you?
(Don't ask) 


Shopping the gift shop
  

We’re gonna need this key to get in our next room, I just know it
  

Waterford boys
For Fun and Diversion we have met together,
I tell you from Waterford hither we came,


Folks get some glasses
You can't get these anywhere else in the world
(Well, on Amazon it's an extra euro plus shipping)
And I buy a bottle of foreign extra stout


  

googly eye cru


1400
  

  





1530
Buncha cops jump out the Paddy wagon
Oh wait, is that culturally insensitive? 
Probably 
  

He had a stick in his hand?


We walk with Bennie and Amanda for a ways
And then they're off the the rock and roll hall of fame
Shouldn't take long, text us when you're done
And we head back to the apartment 


Does that door open to the outside?
Kinda
Ok.  I'm gonna get the spider out the bathtub.
Hands open.  Empty 
Uh oh.
Well, he's out of the bathtub


Down for a short nap
Then back out
I suggest we head to where I saw the Latvians


Ma buys a 5€ hoodie that she's wearing
“I leaned over and said ‘scan me!’”
He was all like, can I just take the tag off?
  



There's a parade.  No candy
Attempting to effect social change
We follow them down the street for a bit
Their signs and chants are all over the place
Women hate! 
Andrew tate!
And Trump and other stuff
  



We end up by the whiskey museum 
And this frog draws us in
But the bar is closed
  



Benny is out for the night.  And they head for Scotland / Shetland tomorrow 
“See you in Galway” on the 13th
And her text says Cobblestone is recommended 
“To get out of this tourist trap” 
It was already flagged on the planning doc
So we start heading there
30 minute eta
  

Hoping it’s worth it


Eventually, we arrive
  

Not super inviting from the outside
And inside we're not really feeling this place
But should we get a round anyways?
Well, yeah, we'll need it for the energy to get back
  



T-shirts for sale:
* “A drinking pub with a music problem”
* “You wouldn’t steal a six counties”  (Northern Ireland)


  

Order a Stag stout
The music starts up
Nondescript instrumental 
Well, at least it's not country roads
At some point there's singing(?)
They try shushing the crowd
But she's using her inside voice
And no one can really hear her


Some places too crowded, some too dead
Tough to find that goldilocks zone
But we head out to find one


It's not a bar district but not long til we find another pub
Duck into an O'Sheas 
And he's playing Irish Rover
And the vibe is right


  

Sounds good.  But is this an Elf situation? 
  



  

I order an Irish coffee.  It’s pretty good.  But is it the best?
Real flames in the candles
Ok, so maybe the Cobblestone didn't work out, but getting out of the temple bar district turned out to be an excellent idea
Yeah, maybe now this is my favorite part of Dublin


A pop music medley
No woman, no cry
Let me hear you
(Looks at us)
Oasis
I STG if he plays country roads…
  



  

This old man says:  I'd love to hear
a pair of brown eyes
Why does it mean so much to you?
Because it's about remorse


“Way to bring us down, Jack”
But it is a beautiful song


Sally MacLean
Wild Rover gets good clap along 
“Now this is why we came to Ireland”
Another clapping song:  Whiskey in the jar


He plays Moon Dance
Dedicated to the Australian Isabel
(Ma hates this song.  Though not as much as Africa)


Any singers out there?
And Anita responds in the affirmative
Things are clearly starting to go off the rails


Folks get a frost advisory on their phones
April showers bring May flowers
But what does May frost bring?
(Cold) pilrgrims 
“You walked right into that one”


This is green day isn't it?
No, it's still Oasis
Wonderwall 


He asks the table of kids to his left
Are you from Germany?
Ma wails No…!
Whyyy?
(She heard: “Do you want to hear Journey?”)
“Now I feel like Bennie and you are my Amanda”
“Oh no.  I'm gonna be in the document”


As a crowd we’ve requested
* All for me grog 
* Seven drunken nights
* Whiskey before breakfast 
But he plays Rolling Stones’ Satisfaction instead 🙁
And ma dances with some stranger for Johnny B. Goode




2130
And that was his finale
Why are you leaving already?
Well, I got another gig to go to


Unlike much of the others he doesn't have a tip jar
So I put the coins in his hand
Thanks


We head across the street
  

They have a band with some banter and twice as many people
“The weak may want to close your ears”  “Stuck a knife in the baby's heart”


Chasing Rainbows 
With a Brazen Head she turned and said
You need to go on the Long Hall
It was getting late so we jumped the gate
And crashed the Trinity Ball


She says "Are we going home"
I says no


We′re going out for the weekend Chasing Rainbows
Going downstream, wherever the beer flows


Received a text
Jay says he may move into a studio in the
tenderloin


The band plays
Dicey Riley
But without the ribbing or the clapping


Through a little patience and shoving through the crowd
We snag a seat as they play Abba
And we see the ‘brown eyes’ guy
Hi Jack!
  

We need the backstory
Ma chats with him
And we got?
Nothin 
Some more prattle about the song
But as to Jack's relationship with it, we'll just have to make that up


  

Mary, is that you?


Dancing Queen blends into Tell Me Ma
Rattlin Bog without breaks in the clapping 
Then Iris by the Goo Goo Dolls
  



Use the magic words
Starts with p
Paper
Guy tips some American dollars
And we got Whiskey in the Jar


“I thought I was gonna be hot stuff on the guitar But apparently the banjo is where it's at”


Were you saying boo or Bruce?
(I was saying bruce)
Dancing in the Dark


Did you eat a scotch egg in Scotland? 
They ate the constituent parts, but not a scotch egg
No haggis, no deep fried pizza, missing all the culinary highlights
“We went to Aldi”


Next song is happy or we bounce 
It's a weirdly morose rendition of 
Wagon Wheel


2300
Back home
To bed


Last night in Dublin
  



Drunken lullabies


And as I went home on Thursday night as drunk as drunk could be
I saw two boots beneath the bed where my old boots should be
Well, I called me wife and I said to her: Will you kindly tell to me
Who owns them boots beneath the bed where my old boots should be


Ah, you're drunk,
you're drunk you silly old fool,
still you can not see
They're two lovely Geranium pots me mother sent to me
Well, it's many a day I've travelled a hundred miles or more
But laces in Geranium pots I never saw before


Friday, May 9 - Dublin - Cork


600
There are two coffee cups now (we found one in the bathroom)
So I don't have to drink from a bowl
But I do anyways
It's tradition, the way of my people
Us Bemmetts are built different
Jon's already awake
Let's see if it takes


Forgot to wear my beer socks for the Guinness tour
Stuck with the warm woolen ones
Well, I can wear them now that I'm certifiable
Um, I mean certified
  



What to see on our way to Cork?
We flagged the Rothe House in Kilkenny 
Louse house at Kilkenny 
Then she brought me upstairs and she put out the light
And in less than five minutes I had to show fight
And in less than five more when the story was best
The fleas came around me and brought me a curse
Radley fal the diddle ay
Radley fal the diddle airo


I think we can skip the Rothe House


700
  

Don’t secure your baby.  Yeet them


  

Sounds like a dinosaur, no I think that's a Pokémon 
  



Smoother sailing on the highway.  I take a short nap
Car tunes.  Pandora plays
Regular Army O
Hammer and the anvil


800


Cashel
There it is.  The Rock of Cashel.  
  

It's only a model


  

They’re really excited by the combination of those museums


  

Gotta notify Ryan 


  

  

  

  



  

It's a long way to Tipperary 
  



Near the end of our visit it starts to get crowded
A couple of buses have shown up
I think she's from New Zealand since she sounds exactly like Karen O’Leary


Locals have been gushing regarding the weather
The best you'll ever see.  The last nice day.
People are out in shorts 
We're still a bit bundled up


  
Oi, M8


1130
Pass from county Tipperary through county Limerick to county Cork
Cork
1230
We ingress through “interesting” means, missed turns and under the river
  



Stop by the Space museum
  

Now, this looks like a fake castle
Do you think they sell cheese here (cf Mars)


Not sure we have time for the visit
Discussing it with the ladies at the front desk
We have a reservation in Middleton this afternoon
Warns us that finding parking at the Distillery can be tough, since it's free it's quite popular
(We never said we were going to the Distillery, but she lives there, she knows)


  

The Irish have a rock star up in space
Nelson's farewell 
Oh the Russians and the Yanks, with lunar probes they play,
Toora loora loora loora loo!
And I hear the French are trying hard to make up lost headway,
Toora loora loora loora loo!
But now the Irish join the race,
We have an astronaut in space,
Ireland, boys, is now a world power too!
So let's sing our celebration,
It's a service to the nation.
So poor old Admiral Nelson, toora loo!


It's a small venue, but nice 
And they have real science
  

(Unlike that Galapagos place)


  

Ahh, yes, I know well Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper 
Of her moth-based bug.  And I’ve even written a simple COBOL program
  

  



Eating salad in the parking lot
  

Hopefully we look more like fun picnickers 
Than desperate crazy people


1400
Middleton 
Whiskey in the jar
As I was goin' over
The Cork and Kerry Mountains
I saw Captain Farrell
And his money, he was countin'
I first produced my pistol
I then produced my rapier
I said, "Stand and deliver oh, or the devil he may take ya"


1430
We show up quite early and the lady at the Welcome desk gets us on the 2:30 no trouble at all
(Not like the Guinness girl that just entrapped us)


  

Jon and I independently mistook this as Breakfast


  

We start the tour off through a hidden door, into the bottom of a whiskey glass  (I’ve woke up to worse)
Oooh, high production value on this intro video
Mike, the guide asks us where we're from
The states, Illinois 
Illinois, Chicago.  You guys got yourself a pope.
Is that a good thing?
“It's a very good thing.”
Pope's From Chicago
  

  

  

  

“Though, it'll be weird to hear a pope with an American accent”
A couple Canadians, few English
A bunch more Americans 
Idaho, California, etc
Some obnoxious bro from the patio calls out “OH!”
It has to be someone from his own group that replies “IO!”
(Why!? do they think it’s such a visceral, universal call/response)
Neuro linguistic programming


  

Another red door.  Home of the master distiller
Now the right half used for archival purposes
The left half for entertaining dignitaries 
  



  

This hasn’t been spinning.  We haven’t had rain in 10 days.  Unheard of


Method And Madness is brewed in the small stills
  

  

I love both the name and implications of this:  running experiments.  
A master Distiller free to keep asking “why not?” since someone up the hill foots the bill


  

Demonstrating the angel’s share


Did he say “sherry butts”??
“Actually, yeah.  He did”


His tasting instructions are a bit more thorough than the Guinness lady's 
Marketing wants him to use a euphemism, but he stage whispers “oily”
  

They don't give us enough time to finish 
So they have to drag us out with another lingering couple 
LA hat says:
“Barley died for this drink
We must honor its sacrifice”


Head out for our free sample
Ryan texts.  He accepted a new job
After we finish the tour we call him from the Malthouse Cafe
He’s gonna be working for ASI, but I don’t think it’s this one…
  

We’re sitting near where the Ohio bros were
He's getting bagels in San Diego
(It’s morning there)


  

There's the tour we were supposed to be on 
We need to go back to the time machine.
  



Next drive ma sits in back and discovers my secret
All the seats are prebuckled to bypass beeps
Oho. I am undone!


Check in Leahy’s Pod Park
  

  

I don’t really need toast…


  

Oh, we gotta see Dave’s restaurant, but Cobh is too far out of the way


  

Nice view out the window!  


OK, time enough for a brief dalliance in cork, let’s try this recommended area
  

Ah, yes, the bodhran, we’ve been looking for this instrument
But uh, turns out, don’t pronounce the ‘d’  goddammit gaelic, stop f’ing about
  
  



  

Hell yeah, Goat Boxing, I’m down, just point me to the nearest…
  
Yeh, I dunno, whatever


Kinsale
Battle of Kinsale
  

Kinsale for the ghost tour
  



  

This dude just punched a horse!?  I’ll have what he’s drinking
  

  

The sticker is so the ghosts know who to haunt
A round at the tap house and one for the road for some
Woman here is nervous 
“Is it scary?
“It's very scary”
Hearse drives by


2100
Starting the tour…
Didn't really know what to expect
Didn't bother reading the reviews, just trusted ma's notes and didn't find any counter suggestion 
Sam, the young lad starts us off with some spiel 
He reminds me of Paul Williams the sidekick from taskmaster NZ
The old guy is gone, but he's not a ghost,  we're not that lame
These keys will get us into the museum one way or the other
And then a walk around the fort, not long, maybe 3 hours and might just get back for lost call
And has us singing some hokey pokey variant for group binding
Suddenly Don bursts into the scene
He chases Sam off.  Oh, he'd have you bored to tears
That's the last we'll see of him 😉
  

I wasn't going to tell you
Because if you knew you might not follow me 
But I'll let you in on a little secret 
All the hills in Ireland go up
Turn around and they'll rise to meet you
It's an Irish thing:  “never look on the bright side”


  

They had French prisoners in here, death in a fire 
The ghost jumps over the wall
Triple digit duolingo streak:
“Bonjour!  Croissant!”
“They called me effluent”


A couple bits that rely on audience participation and thank the gods it seems we have a good group.  
Bald guy makes a lovely Sheila to lure out the church ghost (definitely not Sam again)
  
  



  

We see four arrows telling us how to move down this road
Turn around and see this sign that says no arrows
‘We're a country of contradictions”


Unabashed humor
“I told you they'd get worse”
“Don't worry that's the worst one”
A real joie de vivre.  I think this guy loves his job


Sam leaps out of a bin.  Another good jump scare
We're starting to get more vigilant.  He could be anywhere
Ending with the white lady, where he “misses” his cue several times.  
Gets himself fired after a row 
“I'm keeping the dress” 


2230
This tour had lots of laughs
I'm glad it didn't try to be serious
Earnest pablum could be a real drag


Yeah, if we had more time we’d take their history tour, too
But I think we can just skip it, since this had enough history to it


Calling it an “early night”
Driving home
  



And as I went home on Friday night as drunk as drunk could be
I saw a head upon the bed where my old head should be
Well, I called me wife and I said to her: Will you kindly tell to me
Who owns that head upon the bed where my old head should be


Ah, you're drunk,
you're drunk you silly old fool,
still you can not see
That's a baby boy that me mother sent to me
Well, it's many a day I've travelled a hundred miles or more
But a baby boy with his whiskers on sure I never saw before


Seven Drunken Nights
The song promised seven nights
But “we’re only allowed to sing five of them” 
So the other two are left for homework
https://genius.com/Gearoid-mccarthy-seven-drunken-nights-lyrics
  







Saturday, May 10 - Cork - Dingle
Dingle Bay


830
  

You can get fragrance pumped into your car  at the gas station for 1 euro per minute


Blarney
900
  

Blarney castle
Arrive early enough
No line to kiss the stone
I would've skipped it otherwise 
  

Hell nah, I ain’t waiting half that long
There’s like, what 10 people in line ahead of us by the time we got to the top?
  

Has anyone fallen?
Net yet today (didn't even roll his eyes, bless ‘im)
How often do you get asked that?
A lot


Ma came prepared, but I skipped the prescribed materials
  
  

So, when the moment comes I go to grip the rails
And do it incorrectly.
  

Other way.  And I'm confused.  Briefly forgetting how hands work.
Like a USB stick.  Wrong.  Flip.  Somehow still wrong.  Flip again.  OK, just go.
  

And Jon kisses the stone too..


Turns out there's a rail beneath anyways.
Honestly, didn't look down when I was up there.
  

The kissing of the Sheriff's wife


  



  

Yes, well, as ‘murican as we may be, we have not ‘attained obesity’ 


  

Hell yiss, who doesn’t love a good ole murder hole
  

Pssh, they seem cool, let them pass


1000
Head to the poison garden
  
  

  
  



1030
  

And now we’re in Jurrassic Park.  It’s fine, it’s fine…
        
Hunt down the sacrificial altar.  Cthulhu approves
  



  

This is probably the longest pergolas I've ever seen
  



1130
We found the cave (despite, not because of, the map)
  

No badger here.  (We did see one as roadkill this morning)
  

Interesting little ecosystems growing around the energy supplied by the artificial lights




1230


Real Final Destination situation going on right here
  

Oh, you folks didn’t see that movie, yeah, no reason to worry then…


“It's Rocky out this way”
  

Eye of the tiger


Ring of Kerry is on the way, but we'll save it for Monday as we intended
“We can do the do the Dingle ring today”
What did you just call me?
My dingaling


Killarney 
Christmas in Killarney
Wish I took a picture of the Merry Christmas sign in Dublin 


1300


https://www.theshirekillarney.com/
Did the road sign say it’s the world's only hobbit cafe?
(cf Texas)


Well, we gotta stop
We’re just in time for lunch
  



  

  

Umm, actually 🤓 the prancing pony is in Bree, not in the Shire
This sign should say “the green dragon” or “the all-welcome inn” or “the thirsty fox” or… 
  



And instead of Salt-N-Pepa we got:
  

Salt And Salt!






1400
Killarney national park visitor center
We can't drive there, that's pedestrian
Let's just head to the waterfall
  

  

OK, looks good, let’s drive around some more.
Turns out we like the place enough to tour the Muckross house
  

  

  

  



  

Lots of artifacts in touchable range
But lots of signs reminding you not to touch them
Aww, yeah, we ain’t gonna molly malone ya or nonathat, doncha worry


  
  

Some weird, giant-ass pool-adjacent game…


Dingle
  

1800
Check in Tranquil Dingle Hideaway


Find the lockbox get the key
Feels like it's unlocked, but it's not opening
Da asks:  is that a sliding door…  We’re IN!
  



It's tucked away, a house at the end of a remote one lane road
One of the nicest places we've stayed 
The house smells nice.  So many diffusers
And we don't have to pay a € per minute for it
Though the location location location isn't exactly conducive to nightlife 
Town is not too far, but there's no safe shoulder
We either need to drive home or arrange transportation
  

Oh, they seem to love their long-haired yaks here, 
Even though they’re not exactly endemic…


1900
  



  

  

  



  

He has the gravely voice
Unfortunately you can pretty much only get through smoking
The opposite of a castrato 
Is that Tom Waits?
No, it's Green Day
(Actually, it's violent femmes, blister in the sun)
“I wrote that on the way here tonight”


  

A gender reveal party?  Or something even more sinister…


1930
  

  



  

Jacob Marley, is that youuuu….?


Convenience store, get some snacky stuff and painkillers
  

Baby in a can


  

This cat leapt up the wall
Oh, the dog shows up, that makes sense
“Go on, get that cat”
Owner says:  “No more cats for you”


2040
  

At John and Benny's. We have a Jon
I order a smithwicks in Benny's honor
  

  



2130
Foxy John's.  The crowd skews young 
Awfully young
Yeah, no


  

Not the first.  Not the best.  It’s just here.


Dingle pub
Birthday party
She's like, literally 12. (21, but who can tell)
  



  

Our waiter was a fellow Dave


I like this song
Riptide
Well, I liked this song.
The crowd butchered it.


2222
Zombie






Sunday, May 11 (Mother’s Day) - Dingle


We did laundry yesterday, but there's no dryer
Clothes are strewn about on radiators 
“It's like Easter”
  



Rachael texted ma last night.  Caroline took a few steps!


830
Jon found an earring on the ground
Hell yah, that goes in my ear
  

Now I’m a pirate


Touring the Dingle peninsula 
Make a beeline for the bee hive
But we take stops along the way


Eask tower.
  

Wake up sheeple!
  
  

Stick some of that wool in my arm.  I’ve been losing feathers like crazy
Need to keep my elbow warm
  

  
  



  

(Faint, but) Authentic Irish Rainbow 


930
  

Private parking for the what?
For the what!?
Bee hives
  
Bzz, Bzz
  



1000
  

  

“I wanna see puffins”
“That seagull is nooo puffin”
“Give him a cigarette so he can start puffin’”


Pass the blasket center
  

“What's a blasket?”
Blasket Case


  



1100
Completed Kerry Ring, We’ll take a brief stop at home before falconry
  





1130
  

Here’s a leather glove for your left hand
  
  



  

  

  

  



  

Fluffy the owl, a hefty 5 pounds
He's not fat, he's Well insulated 
  

Dog shows up and freaks the bird out
  



  

Somebody told me you sound like an owl
Hahaha, wha…?


  

Picture doesn’t quite capture it, but they do have a Brazilian flags here
What's left of the flag


1300


Wasn't expecting much at all out of it
But still taken aback when the thought occurs to me
The frozen curry I eat back home is somehow much better
  

But at least I got tortillas


We're signed into Netflix
Our profile: Tina the chicken
Watched Miracle Club, set in Dublin 
Well, some of us watched it, ma fell asleep




1600
Aquarium
  

  

  



  

Butterfly landed on Jon
  

Goofy lookin’ shark don’t scare me


1630
  

Fungie, the dingle dolphin, disappeared in 2020
gonna ride the dolphin like those other folks?  no thanks, I’m good


1700
  

Murphys bar
Says live music 1700.  That’s now
Ma gets a Hot Powers.  The slice of lemon has cloves punched through it
  

Cello received the call and comes in ready to play
But guitar caller already found another partner
So cello walks back out


On the TV it looks like ⚽️ 
But they pick up and dribble the ball
Must be rugby.  But I don't see a scrum.
I thought they'd be more Agile


1800
Dingle pub, we’ll get some drinks and a little food
  

Espresso Martini.  Tastes divine
Can you eat that little sticker thing?
Well, most probably.  Otherwise they shouldn’t put it in there
It tastes like…  I dunno.  Usually I like eating paper
But this tastes like…  Slimy paper?  
Paper someone already tried and rejected?


        
1830


  

This band looks like, I dunno, David Lynch mixed with David Bowie 
A deep, gravelly voice, his shirt says póg mo thóin.  Meaning:
kiss my Irish ass


1920
  

  

Is he supposed to look like that?  
No, some warping happened and whatever.  
  

This guy doesn’t look very happy either…


2020
Marina bar, band in the window is taking a short break
We got a bodhran
And a concertina
And the pipes
  

  

What's Jack playing, like the spoons?
And the perfect pirate mustache has a rose tattoo, of a sorts
  

And a baby crying on the floor
It's the worst day ever 
Or just the
Worst day since yesterday 
She toddles away and then back in
And now it's the best day ever
  





Monday, May 12 - Dingle
0000
Midnight moon through my window
  

Me and the moon


500
I set the clock ahead a few minutes to make it more accurate and wait for it to strike five
Dingle Clock Chime


  

Following various bits of advice from Rick Steves 
Whom we typically first refer to by some variation
Ranging in proximity from Rick Stevens to Dave Barry 


630
  

The coffee I made yesterday is still warm
I didn't realize splunk> was such a good insulator
I explain to my folks, splunk> actually does industrial strength logging
Not logging as in trees, but logging as in log messages
Yeah, I didn't think you actually became a 
lumberjack.
And that's ok


Driving down to the Ring of Kerry


“He's got a gun!”
Stand and deliver!
Is that Dick Turpin?
  

No!  It's:
Wild Colonial Boy




730
Park at the parking lot
Sign says no walking here
  

Should we park at the Cafe?
Oh, this actually is a pretty nice view
  



Single Ladies (put a Kerry ring on it)
  





Signs point to 
Skibereen
  

But we're not going to go there


ten times more


830
  

Anything you want to stop for in Sneem?
It would sneem no


  

We go back to a grocery store for a picnicking lunch
We've seen the letters L and N on cars and did deduce their meaning 
https://oi.ie/en/what-do-l-or-n-car-stickers-mean-in-ireland/
And then R appears


Staigue


900
  

How'd we end up in somebody's driveway?
Oh, yah, we left the ring to visit the fort


Ma says “I was expecting a little more from the land of milk and honey”
  

It's barely a step up from an outhouse 


  

Do they mean children don’t have to pay or the place is free of children?
Probably the former, but the latter is also true and it’s the interpretation I prefer
  

  

  



  

  
  



930
  

  

  

A very nice-looking beach in Ireland.  Didn’t really expect that.  Shame it’s still so cold


1000
  
Not sure what this is supposed to be
Displaced moose antlers?  But wearing sunglasses?
  

1100
the Tempest
Stop for lunch
  

  

Mr. Tayto may be epileptic.  And selling his children.  




Valentia Island
1200
  





1300
  

Almost missed the footprints
Good thing ma remembered
And good thing they have this plaque
  

Otherwise we'd have no idea these were here
I'm still not sure they're there
  

  



Heck ya, I have a song for these guys
Hast thou considered the tetrapod
What does this song have to do with tetrapods?  Do they ever get around to…?  Wait for it…
Held under these smothering waves
By your strong and thick veined hand
But one of these days, I'm going to wriggle up on dry land
Annascaul
South Pole Inn
Several online things indicate it should be quite closed today (Monday)
  

  

Frustrating.  We would have done it on the way up had we checked aforehand
But the info is scattered and contradictory
So we give it a shot anyways and it is open (for drinks, just not food, no problem)


1500
  

  

  

  

Ooh, it’s got a little model of itself within itself


Where is the “May contain nuts” sign we saw online?
Ma goes to look for it “I may be some time”
(“Is that even the right pole?”)
Oh, Captain Oates!
We overhear there's a trail here (cf taste of tazzy)
1630
No rush to get to Dingle, we linger a bit longer
Another round and a walk around 
  

Oh, this is an old railway bridge


Paddy on the railway


  

Looks like rock
But it is not
  



Liar! 


  
(This is real rock)




  

Look me in the eyes and try and tell me he didn't eat those puppies 
I mean, not when they were this size of course 
But he definitely ate those puppies


1700
  

This old man was more in danger of getting run over than this photo actually indicates


  

Let’s go find a grave!


  

Could be any of these
________________
  

Oh no, it’s definitely this one
  





1930
Back at
Dick Mack's 
Dingle gin and tonic 
Not nearly as good as gunpowder 
Probably fine we skipped this distillery
  



Random bar folks: 
Guy walking by just figured out who cut the chicken wings
“We cut the chicken wings this morning.”
(Like, who did you think…)


Do you guys do those little beer shots? (Baby Guinnesses)
Do you have a tray?  Like, if I order, like, 9 of them
  

OK, guys, I gotta get this picture to illustrate where we were 
when we heard those people say those crazy-ass things


  

Creve Coeur, Missouri!?  That’s my neck of the world.  I’m gonna steal this and wreak some havok
Oh, that little fire?  Don’t even worry about it.  Trust me, I’m a professional




2030
Dingle bay hotel
Not too dead, not too crowded
Touch Wood starts playing.  First song: brown eye girl
Not great, just Irish by technicality, but the banter is pretty good
One of the guys looks kinda like Henry Rollins
The other one, a bit like Paddy Mayne 
Get a couple warm whiskies 
And sit at the bar
  

  



Can you turn that down, the Elton John?
Well, that's a hint about how our career is going


They're gonna play Molly Malone
“She's famous for two big, shiny reasons 
That's right: cockles and muscles
The rest of you get your minds out of the gutter
Like most Irish songs this song starts happy and ends in tragedy”
A nice, jaunty rendition 


Whisky in the jar ends with “There's whisky at the bar”
That's it.  That's our message.  The more you drink the better we sound


Next they play the Christie Moore Chicago song


Allow us to introduce our manager
First name Phil 
Second name MaTipJar
We give half our money to charity
And when she's not working…
Ring of fire melds into Tell me ma


Wild Rover and you gotta clap along
Practice round with the clapping
4.  2.  1.
The one was all over.


This time I think it actually is juniper in my gin and tonic
  



The roads are so narrow the dogs have to wag their tails up and down
A good, local song.  And they play:  Country Roads!
Oh, these guys…  I can't stay mad at them


A: “I'm scared”
D: “Don't be scared 
You've done worse”
Ma submits a song request, but gets shot down
We can't / won’t play 7 drunken nights
Nor all for me grog
😡


2200
Head back home dejected 
Maybe I can stay mad at them


Tuesday, May 13 - Dingle - Inis Mor


300
Awake with 
the shadow 
stuck in my head
3 chimes from the clock
Then back to bed


700


Driving to the Cliffs of Moher
  

Looks like we should be saying maa-her, instead of moh-her
But I'll just keep saying mordor


830
Rolling through Adere 
Nearing Limerick
The limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical
But the good ones I've seen
So seldom are clean
And the clean ones so seldom are comical
Limerick
Turns out they are hard to freestyle
Best I can come up with:
In Limerick we're driving a car
I'd rather be sittin’ in a bar
Sadly I think
It's not time to drink
Not til the Cliffs of Moher


Juice of the barley
In the sweet country Lim'rick, one cold winter's night
All the turf fires were burning when I first saw the light
And a drunken old midwife went tipsy with joy
As she danced round the floor with her slip of a boy
Singing ban-ya-na mo if an-ga-na
And the juice of the barley for me
  



  

  

1030
Cliffs of Moher
The CCCliffs have wifi
  
  



  



Can puffins fly?
Of course!  Look at my ticket
Can they swim?
Sure, why not


  



Photoshop in a Cliffs bar here
  

Just two more hours of this…


They’ve filmed here…
You see any Harry Potters?
I don't see any Potters, Hairy or otherwise
Or is the plural Harries Potter?
  



Alright, so, I was already definitely very tempted to touch it
Before I knew it wasn’t electrified by the worker leaning against it
But that clinched the deal.  Take this photo:
  

OK, apparently we lingered a bit too long and now we’re getting weird looks…


  

Someone behind us kindle took a pause so I could get this clear photo
And then a short while later some jackass pulled his lady up so he could propose to her
  

Thankfully she said yes.  Or else I’m sure he’d friggin’ jump


1130
  

Mother’s side of the family


1230
Light lunch adjacent to the parking lot
Dave, I don’t mean to alarm you, but…  He’s right behind you
  
  

huh?


Alright, let’s go down that trail for another look
  

Are any of those puffins!?  IDK, man, maybe, but probably not
  



  

  

Go ahead and get a shot of me meditating the hell out of this place!


Doolin
1400
If it doesn't exist
We’re opening Doolin Banjos


Walk towards town 
We’ll get a beer or ice cream
Don't make it near, but find some baby cows
  

They called to cancel our horse and buggy
On God, this better not be a one horse town


  



1430
As expected, the prescribed half hour early is egregious 
  



Assuming that's our boat
But no, eventually two more show up
You're going to Inis Mor?  That's the third stop


Ominous skies.  Uh oh, one of the sailors says:
“We are gonna get a feckin’ storm” 
Lightning in the distance


Thousands are sailing


This guy's got a nice sea faring beard and a hearty brogue 
I feel safe putting my life in his hands
He looks like captain quint
  



Get in board and get some drinks
Some pirate drinks ☠️ 
From the pirate bar
  

  

Not to be sold individually:  good thing both me and ma got one…


Sea Shanty Medley 




1530


He's literally battening down the hatches 
This hatch was previously unbattened
And now it is well and truly battened 
  



Dad and I decided to skip the dramamine, 
Despite our propensity to sea sickness
And despite the Ominous skies
The seas are actually quite calm, no problems whatsoever
Inis Mor
1600
Deboard 
There's a horse over there
Guy standing near it directs us to the information kiosk
They got numbers there, I don't know them
O'er there, that's probably the only bus running 
Sounds like if we don't get off the dock soon, we're kinda stuck or quite inconvenienced
Strange man driving past, coaxes us into his nondescript van.
He looks kinda like a hearty haggard Harris Yulin.  Sounds rough, but kind.  Seems to speak deliberately.  Could be part ent.
His accent is strong, but a little strange
I daresay evocative of Welsh or English west country
There's the store, if you're interested. Or do you want to eat at a restaurant?
Umm, IDK.  We haven't a semblance of a plan, so we go with the flow.  Sure, let's stop at the Spar
What kind of wine goes with frozen pizza?
Anita answers definitively:  Red. 
  



Next stop: our house.  We just tell him we're staying at Claire's
He knows Claire, everyone does
His family arrived in the early 1700s, over 300 years ago
That church was built in 1856
“You remember that well?”
No…  he's only been here for 55
The nearest pub is 8 km away, he warns us


Take a picture of this donkey
In case you don't come back this way
That's a Fluffy donkey
  



There's the Famous Fort 
That you can only walk to. You can't drive or bike
How long does it take?
Answers almost sardonic
“What do you care? 20, 30 minutes…
You can't drive or bike.  You have to walk.”
These shops’ll open 10 or 11 tomorrow 


Check in Two Bedroom Deluxe Suites
House smells like a good smoke
A little BBQ?  Very welcoming 
  



And we got ourselves a dog
  

Don’t know his name, but he’s friendly, for sure


  

A fun little homophone        
I'm a craic addict
A craic head?


  

A bag of cans?


1740
Folks still getting ready to head out
Soft dog, friendly dog, fur like a sheep's 
  

Drooled on my knee and freaked the heck out when thunder happened 
Turned at least nine times around.  So I’ll call him Rover


Irish Rover
Just meself and the captain's old dog
Then the ship struck a rock, oh Lord, what a shock
The bulkhead was turned right over
Turned nine times around, and the poor old dog was drowned
I'm the last of the Irish Rover


Now standing vigilant, ready to protect us
Follows us as we walk away


A car comes by
And the dog seems more interested in it than us
It pulls into our driveway
I do declare
Is that Claire?
Our Claire?  The Claire!?  


1800


Guy walking out the gate says:  now you have it all to yourselves 
Reach the fort.  More rocks piled on top of rocks
  

And they don't want you climbing on these.
But unlike Moher, they don't try to stop you from reaching the cliff's edge
It's your own self-preservation, aka fear that's supposed to do it
Apparently, my folks have none.
  

I take a couple photos of them catching snapshots 
That don’t quite capture the terrifying danger it takes to get ‘em
I mean, I get close enough that each gust of wind is frightening, but they…
Really pushing the envelope
  





1900
  

That rock looks kinda like a skull…


  

And we’ve got some more cats.










2000
Some evening down time where we're not in a pub!
We packed light, didn't bring any games
I take the opportunity to bust out my mini deck of playing cards    and my simple score tracker
We're playing mini golf
  



Trying to plan tomorrow 
Dally in the area until shops open
Then horse if we can get it, van if we can't 
  

Despite an early lead from Mom, Dave is in now in first place
But, this tournament isn’t over yet…
  





2100
  
        
Watch a lovely sunset
And walking a little further it peeked from behind a cliff
And we watch it set again.
But It Wasn't There!  (QI)


  

Skull and Bones 




2130
  

Seems like things shifted from the right (organized) to the left (chaotic)


  

And on the other side of it, a house with double-digit cats present




2200
And it's still not dark yet.
Back from our pleasant evening constitutional
To find the door locked
And we don't have a key
It’s past 10, They must be asleep and we don't want to disturb
Especially the child nor the dog 
A brief “oh no”, a gentle knock and there's Claire to let us in, wearing an old band sweatshirt
No worries, no worries.
She quickly follows up with a message to Jon, offering us a later checkout.  
How nice, we don't need it, but truly appreciate the thought.


Wednesday, May 14 - Inis Mor - Galway


540
Slept pretty well throughout the night, the minorist of punctuations 
And now the sun is up and we'll start the day


630
We got a French press so we'll take advantage.  And make ourselves a proper cuppa 
Taste test all three kinds.
  

This instant coffee is a cut above the rest and I made the French press kinda weak, 
so they all taste pretty much the same…


  

A nice view outside my window


730
  

Managed to operate the hob
It should be getting hot
It's only set to two, which is a pretty small number
In fact, I can't think of a smaller one
“You just said it”


Don't go for the one


Not sure if they’re here for us on purpose or by accident
We bathe the eggs to check them. They all sink OK
Then dad notices they're individually labeled 
Good until the 19th  👍
  



930
Catching up on writing reviews of the places we've stayed.
Ma asks:  Anything to improve for this place?
You didn't say what I think you just said:
“Shampoo the dog by the coffee shop”
No.  Oh no.  I said “ice cream shop”
Oh, ok.  That makes more sense 


1030
We've dallied enough that we don't need to walk about before the shops are open.
We've bought our Aran island sweaters
Ma tries on a poncho, struggles to get into it
The previous inhabitant seems to have buttoned it strangely
Even the shopkeeper seems confused 
“It's not usually this complicated”
  

See here, this is the honeycomb pattern 
It symbolizes hard work
Did you say ‘yard work’?
No.  Hard work.
Oh, I don’t care much for that either
Deciding between blue and green
They both look great 
Normally she'd go with the blue.  
But this is different.  This is Ireland 
“And the green looks so great with your lovely yellow hair”
Ok, sold.  “Scan me!”
https://www.aranislandssweaters.com/
  

  



  

Be extra careful to avoid the dewberry bushes now
Sweater song


We haven't got an update from the horse guy.
Weather is perfect and we aren't in a rush.
7 km isn't that far, let's start that way and see how goes
“Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time” -Steven Wright


1130
  

Ma tells the cyclists: “We were warned about you!”  And they laugh along
But I’m pretty sure they had no idea what we were actually talking about
Probably didn’t even speak ‘Murican


Seal observation zone. 
They make some noise, but it's not quite
Kiss from a rose
Where there's seals there are fish / sharks
  

  



A bunch of the carriage drivers are silent or pretty dry
But this guy passing by seems fun
“Nowadays all our shooting is on Xboxes and Playstations. Not much hunting on the island.   
If you're seen with a gun you're considered kind of a mad man.  
True story.”


Walking, walking 
Saying hi to various people
Can't tell if they're Spanish or Italian 


Some white girls getting up to trouble on a cliff’s edge
“Hold my Whiteclaw and watch this”




1200
Ok, let's stop at the goat farm
Lady says we can go back and look at the goats.
  

How many goats yall got?
There's at least 50 back there
  

Nice place, but I was hoping more goat products would be available. 
Really wanted to see some (who you gonna call) goats butter
  



  

Jon's picked up a mustache and some rusty washers.  (“Well-aged”)
Not even shiny, but might be a robot part some day
It's fine in context, on the road 
But be careful who you call:  Smiley tar face
  



Why are those children saying ‘hello’ so creepy
Ah, they're french
  



1300
Getting close to town


Two girls on bikes:
“Where are we going to get those sweaters”
A deflated “I don't know…’


  

Waitstaff's accents seem vaguely eastern European 
Complete with a little gold chain
Not sure we grokked the specials.
Follow up clarification vis a vis goat cheese salad
Can we get some silverware?
He points with a finger gun and a mouth click
(Happy eating noises)
  

Prawn wrap and a goat ball
“Are we done yet?
I'll leave.  You'll finish it” he says with a wink
Comes back a bit later and smiles at our empty plates
“That's more likely…”


After food
We head to The Bar
“You scoffed at me when I said it”
Well, it sounded ridiculous when you said it
  



See the van man what drove us to Claire's 
“So… You guys walked back?”


Guinness for me, half pint for ma
Archard teeves for da
  



Beer is great 


Drinking on the patio
I put a dab of sunscreen on this morning
But I'm gonna be the first to burn in the Irish sun


That looks like an old timey sailboat, but it's currently running with an outboard motor
  

the last shanty
Don't haul on the rope, don't climb up thе mast
And if you see a sailing ship it might be your last
Just get your civvies rеady for another run-ashore
A sailor ain't a sailor, ain't a sailor anymore


1500
Waitress collecting empty glasses
Da sez:  collecting souvenirs?
She responds huh?
We say:  just ignore him
Poor girl has been thrown to the wolves.
For each plate has to come out and asked who ordered it from the bar
I guess some numbers get handed out.
But 66 is not the same as 99


We're heading back onto the boat carrying our
Boat drinks 


1615
Bigger boat, fuller boat, but we're loaded and underway right on schedule 
And seem to still have quite a few empty seats around.  (Clown car indeed…)
“At least, if we crash on a mountain we got a soccer team to eat”
“I dunno, they look a little scrawny”


1700
Approaching Doolin 
Get a peek at the Cliffs of moher from the other side 


1830
Are you still drinking that thermos coffee?
Yeah…
Does it get better with age?
No…
Galway
They got us approaching through suburbs, traffic is abysmal 
Text from Amanda says they're feeling under the weather 
Blame the Shetland ponies, got them feeling a little hoarse 🐎 
So we cancel the rendezvous 


  

Check in The Light House
The heck you mean it's not a real lighthouse!?
I been practicing with a flashlight
Helping people not crash
  



Front door is locked, but opened soon after we ring the door bell.
Lady takes our name, gives us an introduction to the city, gives us a pair of keys 
On-site parking is available but an extra 15€
Sure, pay it and be done with it
  

Key with an attitude


The room is quite nice, all things considered
But kind of a step down from the places we've been staying
Sure, we got a kettle and coffee
But not a full kitchen
And it smells rather musty instead of delightful


We're more exhausted than enthusiastic 
Boy, it's hard work having this much fun
  

We got two places to check off our list in this city


Heading to a bar in the Latin Quarter 
Did she say 5 miles away?
No, 5 minutes 


This picture's a two-fer
  

Boys on the dock
Factory girls


A shame our stay here will be too short to get to know the city
Seems smaller and more modern than Dublin
But the Latin Quarter is lively
You know I'm gonna get those curry chips later tonight


Tig Coili.  Crowd outside is kinda young.
Has some trad music.  Instrumental 
Let's explore a bit more before we commit to a drinks worth of staying in one spot
Tigh Neachtain.  No music, quiet, but decent vibe
Checked off both places on our list
  



Can I take your empties?
(I clutch my drink)
No rush, lads
(Chuckle)




Galway girl
  

Jon just noticed she has a statue too
It should be here, but it's (at least, ostensibly) over there 
At the quay
Seagull stealing a q
Is the band playing the end of galway girl?
I can't tell
“We're here for the next 79 hours”
Next song is Springsteen's I'm on fire
  

They had to crack a fresh gunpowder for my g & t
Whiskey in the jar and they are light on the claps 


Where are you all from?
We got the whole united States here
Except for Boston, that's a first
Plus Canada and Brazil 
Then thankfully they play dirty old town instead of something american


Hard to get consecutive seats with a view
I'll sit when they play country roads
Is he starting Stray cat strut?  
He does have the bass for it
I'll have to move that song
It's already in my appendix
Nope.  We got faked out
It's 
sunny afternoon


You gotta clap along to this one
Rocky road to dublin
(I was hoping for Dicey Riley)


2130
Took them a good long time, but they couldn't resist
They're playing Country roads
(“At least the Brazilians know it”)


Next song:  drunken sailor. 👍
And then a rousing rendition of Irish rover 
Less common but more energetic and fun than wild rover…


“They played country roads I can sit…”
Snagged a stool.  We tried to grab a table but it got bagsied 
This pub wasn't on our list, but a great find


2200
They wrapped up wild rover 
The Canadians bequeath their seats to ma and da


This song is dedicated to our NY friends and that awesome (American flag / shamrock) shirt:  
rattlin bog
Hands down, the fastest version I've ever heard
They readily admit that trying to incorporate the shirt into the song was reckless hubris 


A drunk New Yorker approaches the stage and yells something for a while
“I have no idea what she said”
She slaps some dollars down into their bucket
(The appreciation station)
“But thank you very much”


2 songs left and the penultimate is Jolene
Which inexorably gets a bunch of ladies out onto the dance floor 


2230
Last song: 
Sweet Caroline!!
Ba ba ba…
Can't believe it's the first time hearing it this trip
Google has made little ‘carrot lime’ the cover of our Dublin photo album.  I'm not even mad.
1,551 photos and still counting


Head out the quay 
Now where were those curry chips?
Find the place without any issue, but it's already closed.  
Now I wish we did stop for that doner burger we saw advertised about a block back
We'll be OK, we got curry ramen at home


  

Ma touches it, even though the sign says don't do it
It's not even hot
It's the electric fence all over again


2300
Almost home and ma's neck gets cold
Da gallantly offers his sleeve as a scarf
“Somebody walking by might think
This guy's got three arms”


Thursday, May 15 - Galway - Athlone
430
Awake.  It's early still, but
Close enough


530
Time to put the kettle on
Having a spot of tea, are you?
It's my famous tea/coffee combo
And noodles?
Yep, my famous tea/coffee/noodle combo
Very big in sheboygan 


900
Brief walk at Merlin's castle
  

  





Then head out of town
Anything along the way?
Eh, some rocks and ruins
Unless you want to pet a Llama or go in a bouncy castle
Athalone
Town of Athlone
  



1100
A tour surrounds us
I'm not saying they ran out of money, but…
You can see how the bottom half cleans up nicely and the concrete on the top not so much
And these two clocks installed in the 1950s never told the same time, you take your chances with them
  



  

Viking tour looks like fun.  They wave


1200
Bennie and Amanda do meet us at Sean's Bar
It looks renovated.  Is it really the oldest or are we talking a ship of theseus situation? 
  

  

OK, well, if they got the wattle & wicker to prove it


5 Irish coffees is it?
First guy says just sit down, I'll find ya
Second guy, the one that seems more in charge
Says he needs to put on his glasses to read the confirmation on our phones
Seems like he's unfamiliar with the very concept of this coffee thing.
  

But he's a friendly delight
Maybe a bit frazzled since they've been doing tours for busload after busload
Yous came at a good time
He turns off the music here so we can chat
He sounds exactly like a stereotypical leprechaun
Do any of yous know how to make a good Irish coffee?
You start by heating the glass
Use a good coffee, not instant
And a good Irish whiskey
An Irish Whiskey, mind ya, not that French shite Jameson 
(Mini rant)
I want to ask which he would recommend, but he doesn't really leave any gaps.  I think he's pretty biased in terms of the Sean's Bar whiskey anyways
There's an art to getting the cream to sit on top
You don't need to pour it over a spoon, that's just showmanship
And drink it through the cream
Too often you present this to someone
And *gasp* they stir it all about
You see someone coming at it with a spoon, you take it off ‘em
The history of @lone
(We've been saying Ath, but he really does ignore the H)
We did things backwards around here, we still do
While other towns were built around a castle or a fort
We were built around the pub
And the story, possibly apocryphal about the invention of the Irish coffee
People stuck at Foynes’ airport
There's always one awkward customer in every group
(We all point at Benny)
Is this a Brazilian coffee? 
No!  It's a feckin Irish coffee
  

…
It's been nice to meet you.  I'm Timmy.
Better get back behind the bar now


1300
  



Lets get another drink and go outside to make a plan


They got their own whiskey
a 4-year and a what?
6?
Nooo, can't be 6.  Just two more years?
I dunno, if I spent a year in a barrel I'd be ready to be drunk 


Where's Bennie?
Chatting up a couple locals
She's got that gift of gab now, ya know
  

This kid is the Bees Knees 
Drinking a Coors


Go home sick, he advises
But from drinking Guinness, not from food
(Go to the Chinese restaurant to see the birthplace, but don't eat there)


  

Looks like a hearse.  Maybe we’ll be getting our irish wake afterall


After Sean's Bar to the Bailey for food


Check in Bailey Bar & Lounge


Bring our stuff up and rest a bit
Oh, sure.  Typhoid Mary is the sick one
But we're the ones to get stuck in the ward
  





1600
Clock chimes four without all the earlier drama
Guess we're not going on the Viking ship
Loose manhole cover outside our window making a racket every time someone drives over it
  



1700


  
  

Near a greek restaurant, so we assumed it’s Neptune
But no, it’s some british river god
A bit of a controversy


I read out bars for ma to write down
You just picked these based on their names, didn't you?
Yeah, pretty much


  



Brazen monkey
Oh, brazen
She was saying raisin 
Oh, hell no.  I wouldn't go there
  

  
  

Cute place, but the beer garden isn’t much


Ma's shirt is Scottish:  Party like a Pict
Hopefully this doesn't get us in trouble


Next stop:  Nuts Corner
  

No, we don’t need to stop in


1830
We should have got a family picture in front of this lovely family butcher
Irish Ballad
About a maid I'll sing a song
Sing rickety-tickety-tin
About a maid I'll sing a song
Who didn't have her family long
Not only did she do them wrong
She did ev'ryone of them in, them in
She did ev'ryone of them in
  

Dead centre brewery
It's a hipster kind of place
Most of their brews are American style 
Pint of Dead Pixels 


Yours is the only glass that says dead centre brewing
A glass doesn't have a mouth it can't say anything 
Neither does a trash can, but they talk to Amanda


When Bennie gets to the Toronto Airport she's gonna buy a 
Bottle of booze
But coming back to Canada with joy the heart does ooze
'Cause when you get to the border, you buy a bottle of booze




We really shoulda got her a pint of the ‘shut up juice’ to counteract the blarney stone
  



Trying to find the next place
Sounds like someone's playing some music
Oh, that's just a passing car playing gotye


Careys and Flannerys look promising, but don't quite pan out


  

  



  



End up back at Sean's 
Looking for a shirt for ma
Should we get a drink here too?
Sure
Twist me rubber arm


Oh, so that weird letter is a ‘G’
Says gin, not sin


These are the bagpipers we saw going the other way.
That one is a priest I'm told


Talking birds and such.  Do puffins count as penguins?  Do Razorbills?
  

Bennie is making a new friend
Or is she starting more trouble?  Bennie Noo!!
Ma shows up and warns him “She's bad luck”
Ok, so turns out this little parade was for the funeral we saw in front of the church
And he was a friend of the deceased
Auk-ward…
(Anita Noo!!)
Her words express mortification, but she was doubled over with laughter, so… 🤷‍♂️
  

  

may the living be dead (in our wake)


Duck into the Snug for another round
The bartenders weren't aware they had talking trash cans (bins) in their town
We had those in Galesburg back when I was in college, 20 years ago
(A bit longer than that, Dave…)


Ma tries to order a pickleback (you dared me to)
But it hasn't made it this far quite yet
(Bartender makes a strange face)
And gets an old fashioned 
(No cherry)


Pub Bathrooms
Gents to the left, ladies are always right
Bennie says at the crazy dog lady place the toilet is bedazzled 
“I would've taken a picture, but I was overwhelmed by the pink”
  

Sitting in the beer garden
And Trump gets mentioned
Not to get political…
A:  “But it's fucked up”


2030
Goodnight and farewell to Bennie 
She's gotta check on her poor, ailing daughter 


Table next to us, some Irish kids
Keep mentioning America
In various contexts I can barely catch
Such as Whiskey and sports
And Anita is sorely tempted to belly up and help explain


2200
Church bell chimes
Night cap at the Baileys?
Naw, just head to the room
Still feels a bit early to go to sleep, but…


Friday, May 16 - Athlone - Belfast


530
Ma is reading 
Dad and I wake up.
Is that the first manhole hit of the morning?


Let's go to Derry
For the Derry Girls
And da says ‘the Derry air’


OK, let's go
No time to Derry dally


700
“Oh!”  Ma declares “We have a coffee drink”
“Where is it?”
“It's in Dave's bag”
“Oh yeah, I forgot you asked if you could put it in there”


730
Saw a road sign for Sligo.  We should stop there and get some rags
What?
I feel like if I repeat myself more clearly, your look of confusion won't dissipate 
Irish rover:  we had one million bags of the best Sligo rags


Sligo
800
  

If you see a rag, grab it
Yell at the truck next to us
Hey!  Got any rags
“But, of course”


Bundoran




Folks are out here surfing
  
  

Sea is a cruel mistress 
  



  

The wishing chair has its own little ritual
Ma picks up a coin
A:  “This wish.  This wish did not come true”
D:  “Oh no!  she's gone full Goonies”
  



  

Oh nooo.  He partied too hard.  Pulled the ultimate Jonas
  

Stranolar


  

Stop at a gas station to fill up
Get a red bull and some crisps to spend some lingering euros
We've crossed into Northern Ireland.  It looks the same so far, wouldn't have even noticed if i wasn't watching the map.  Maybe there was a sign.
I mean, I wasn't expecting much, but at least some armed guard to just wave us through a checkpoint 
Differences to note: euros to pounds, catholic to protestant, .ie to .uk
Green to Orange
We tried to smooth things over, but they all began to fight.
And me, being strictly neutral, I bashed everyone in sight.




Derry


1100
  

  



Ma found an earring.  Looks like a diamond earring
  

J:  How are we gonna keep it safe until we can get it to a jeweler?
D:  Stick it in your ear hole.
J:  I don't have an ear hole 
D:  Well, that explains a few things 
J:  Did you hear what he just said about me?
A:  Yeah, I did.  Did you?


  

  

  
  

  

Sunday Bloody Sunday


  

A:  “You know what you gotta do, right?”
D:  Huh?
A:  Ship it up to Boston
I'm a sailor peg, and I've lost my leg (hat)
Climbing up the top sails, I lost my leg (hat)
I'm shipping up to Boston, whoa


Duck into the Guildhall
It has a nice little museum
  

Peace bridge
  

Don't start any wars on this bridge
They hate that stuff here
  



On our way out of town, drive through one of those neighborhoods you see depicted in the movies
  



Limavady
Ate at a subway here.
“I didn't come all this way…”
It was actually pretty good.  Toasted
Better than what we would have got from Tescos 
  

UK crisps:  Quavers, Prawn Cocktail Walkers, Wotsits


Giant’s Causeway
  

 Walked down the blue path and up the red one
A lot of people, but plenty of space for us all to spread out


  
  

Gotta find a pair of rocks that look like a caffeine molecule  (Ima lick it)


Chatting at the map
Looks like the red and blue do connect 
Other couple:  but we don't have time for that 
We say “good luck!” as we are walking away
She asks:  what time does your bus leave?
We're not on a bus 
Lucky!
  



  

Bushmills 
  



  

These 4 guys got themselves bushmills hats
Separating their group into the hats and the hat-nots
One of them has a yuengling hat
Has to wear it backwards 
Like Bennie did in Scotland with her John Deere hat
  

Ma and I order a couple flights.  Jon gets a coke, neat
And we get the one “cocktail” they have aka a Manhattan (but still no cherry)
Turns out Hot Powers is basically a branded hot toddy


I declare that we’re stealing the pipet
I mean it is the kind of thing I do
But I have several already 
So I don’t
But it turns out there were a couple of times later in the trip it would have come in handy
  

  



Almost 1700, closing time, last call ‘round here
Employee comes, letting us know the gift shop will be closing shortly
And to collect our trays
“I'll take it.  I'll take it.  I'm allowed to drop it. 
Well, you are too.”
Belfast
Tell me ma


1800
I was acutely aware when we were crossing the border, but Derry seemed so pro-IRA
But now it is weird seeing so many union jacks
  

I wonder to what degree these flags are up for patriotism or for oppression 
I guess it’s like it's the confederate flag, but if the south didn't lose the civil war
Or the union jack in America if part of us failed the revolution. 
But all that is pretty distant past for Americans and a bit more recent here.
So, while I guess I expected to see some tricolor flags maybe they’re still too close to the violence to risk it
  



We agreed to meet our host at 1730
Then sent a message asking for a delay to 1830
But didn’t get a clear confirmation on the receipt of the message.
Maybe we’re just overanalyzing, but this might be a hassle
It's 1800 now, so we've split the difference 


Ma and I have a different address from dad
We’re trying to go to (the name in the planning doc) the lovely 2 bedroom apt across the river. 
His address is for Modern 2 Bedroom Apartment in Belfast East Village


We park and da gets out to check it out.
He returns to the car, unsuccessful 
The door is locked.
We start trying to figure out what # to call


In the interim…
Guy came out of the building.
Do you think that's the guy we're supposed to meet?
No, that's gotta just be a guy coming out of his apartment 
Ok, eventually he approaches the Anita (passenger) side of our car
Now, I know you're not Jon, but are you Jon?
Ahh, we are at the right place!


He seems like a genuinely friendly guy
Reminds me a bit of David Badiel 
Leads us up to our room
Apologies.  The apartment is hot.
“That's ok.  We like hot”
Windows open, even balcony unlocked
  



Here's how to work the tv
Eurovision is on tonight.  So, if you like tacky music…
I need 1 body to show where the trash bins are
I volunteer 
He’s explaining the lift situation
Like I’ve never seen buttons for floor 0 and 1
I explain that as a programmer I’m used to start counting from 0
Oh, yeah, he says, those computers are just fill3d with 0s and 1s
He assumes we’re doing the Titanic museum and suggests Giant’s Causeway


We watch some WILTY and David Mitchell says:
“If they paid proper repeat fees on Dave…”
  





  

Not sure to what degree its conflated with this leg of the trip (reaching saturation)
But whereas Dublin was energizing
Belfast is depressing 
  

A mural of pro-british sentiment
It’s odd, as an American, to experience such a desire to be under foreign rule
And these feckers all lived long lives, while they were killing kids in Derry
  

And then yeah, there’s this, the IRA killed pro-British kids too
I’m just thankful that I’ve never been near armed conflict
  



Navigate to The Longfellow
  

  

Has “live music”
Second song ‘wagon wheel’
A woman singing basically karaoke 
Too loud to talk


It's pretty full
Not crowded, per se, but
We're kinda in a residential area
And I think these are all locals
And we're getting strange looks
Back away from the guy trying to play
…snooker?
He gives a friendly thumbs up


Sign says:  
Let's get drunk 
And talk absolute shite


  

She's wearing green, so it must be ok…
Seems to match a sports jersey
Ah, yeah, that'd matter more than National identity


An Authentic Irish experience 
Maybe too much so
Rather blue collar


Feeling more like an anthropologist than a tourist or patron.
It's mostly?, but not exclusively old people 


  

This is what they got for their old fashioned
The Distillery ma found least appealing in the Dublin tasting house
(What a different vibe that was)
And still not a cherry in sight, despite how much time has passed


She asked if da is
American or Canadian 
American, he answers truthfully 
“Well, I won't hold it against ya”
“I didn't vote for him”


  

This guy
Without words 
Just asked me to guard his drink while he uses the restroom
Me!
I'm honored, I'm touched.
Must be I have an honest face
Wait, does he know something I don't?
Am I gonna have to fight somebody?
‘Cause I'm not prepared to do that
It looks like it's just a regular coca cola
Maybe it has a splash of the most expensive…
Ma offers to take a sip to test the hypothesis
No!  
If he sees that, it's my neck on the line
He comes back, everything is copacetic 👍 


2100
Now the band seems to be stirring things up
There's a rival sports fan in?
“Starting a wee fight”
Then she plays 
Jolene


  

haha, ok, but why is smoking even still a thing


2130


OH:  Americans at the Causeway:
“Everybody in the uk is so polite”
“Yeah!”
I tell me ma:  “they haven't been going to the right pubs”
“I was just going to say that”
But a pair of lads walking behind us
They sound a little rough
We duck into a cove to let them pass
And they give a little smile and apology
“even the hoodlums…”
They pass by us again in front of Prince Albert’s pub
“Soorry”
Music is kinda 80s electronic beat
We decide to skip it
  



  

Does that say Gum Butts?  Undeniably.
Do not stick these in your ear.  Or your gums


2200
Back home
Seems early / too light put to call it a night
But doing the math re when I’ll inevitably wake up, it seems OK




Saturday, May 17 - Belfast
500
The light outside my window glows orange
Looks like the rising sun
So at 1:00, 3:00, etc I wake confused
At 5:00 there's no mistaking it
The blue sky has doused it


The shower is electric
It has both a switch and a power button
Knobs ostensibly adjust things, but temperature seems to fluctuate regardless of their settings
  



730
Planning our day out
We did pretty well on the snack situation, overall 
“My only regret is buying the mayonnaise”


  

A ship is safe in the harbor, but that's not what ships are for
A fire door is safe shut, but that's not what doors are for
A firewall is a useful technical product 


Dad’s shirt has a Shamrock.  Maybe keep it covered up here
Wearing of the green
The shamrock is by law forbid to grow on Irish ground
Saint Patrick's Day no more we'll keep his colours can't be seen
For they're hangin' men and women for the wearin' of the green
  

On gawd yoda, read the room


830
Heading to the Titanic Museum.  Park and walk
  

Game of thrones
  



What is this?  Some kind of squid game?
Oh, it's the outline of the ship
  

  

  



900
Entering the titanic museum
When the great ship went down 
  



  
Found Aggie




930
Little tram ride was really fun.  
Immersive, higher production value than I expected
  

Video


  

  

  

Bennetts have a 50% save rate on the Titanic.  Though we did arrange rescue
  





1000
  

And the band played on


1100
Driving over to St. George's market 
  

Karma Chameleon


1200
Authentic Irish paella 
  

Sign says they accept Euros, but I think they resent them
It's neat to see this place, but there's only so much time I can spend shopping…
Break off from the folks and get a double espresso 
Guy behind me in line might be Scottish 
Buying a brownie, he says not that one
To the one the lady picked up
That one.  The bigger one.  I love a bargain.
She says: Good eye.
(⚠️ on the POS after he walked away so she tries to chase him down)
The next customers are Australian 


  

Sit in the lazy goose zone for a bit
They put the fish stand at the entrance and across the aisle from desserts.
Somebody messed up.


1230
Irish republic museum 
Starts with a wee tour in a prison cell replica
There, that's my sister, she founded this museum
Intense, interesting, depressing 
The way she says things like “These were catholic houses, so of course they were bombed”
  

I’m in awe of whoever wrote this tiny legible message on toilet roll
Given ideal conditions most people can’t read most of what I write


  

Ah, so I should have worn my Cthulhu Che shirt today


  



  

The Irish love their spheres 
Sphere inside a sphere?
Just like Trinity 


  

Stop by the Giant’s Ring
I mean, it’s another cool thing
It has several dogs, including Cooper and Felix 
But we’re reaching the saturation point
We’ve seen sooo many rocks
And beautiful things




1500
  

  
  

Done with our Tesco run
“Once again, more liquid than lunch”
We're not planning on going out to pubs tonight.


1600
  

Tried moving my flight up to tomorrow
Technically possible, but not economically viable


  

Jamaican dragon stout
Cool bottle, just an OK beer
Tastes way too sweet.  Quite like a wee heavy.
  



2000
Dave Ja Vu is showing the first episodes of the uk version of Ghosts
(We “forgot” to watch Eurovision)




2030
Clock is broken, stuck around 4:50
We nudge it ahead a bit so it's after 5
  



Debriefing and starting the discussion on our next trip


2200
Ghosts ends, The Office begins
We share a wee dram of Irish cream and head off to bed.
  

The parting glass
So fill to me the parting glass
And drink a health whate'er befalls
Then gently rise and softly call
Good night and joy be to you al


Sunday, May 18 - Belfast
Belfast


800
Folks preparing to leave
Don't be jeeved, this is actually whiskey
  

  

And the entry way of our apartments is a strangely disorienting place


830
Bookends of the trip
A day by myself to explore a city
Walk to a museum through the park


  

Picked up this abandoned zippo from a bench
Play with it like a fidget spinner
Meant to abandon it, but still have it
The socket I did not take


900
Another song/sign two-fer
  

Nature Trail To Hell
Highway to Hell






I like the no-stress freedom of exploring by myself
But the best part of this trip was fun with folks
What good are “ear butts” if you can't share ‘em?
  

I mean, they’d love the squirrel playing a banjo


Another park, intersected a pack of hens with Birmingham accents


1000
I've reached the museum at opening time
10 o'clock sharp
And it's actually opening


Another amazing free museum (5£ suggested donation)
Find a couch in the section on the troubles 
And check it to my flight


  

Bomb disposal robot


  

  



  





1030
Cops are setting up a recruitment table at the entrance 


  

This is not an octopus.  It’s an Illithid


1130
Getting away from the area where we're staying, Belfast is a lot more pleasant 
Not as big and touristy as Dublin, for sure
And still not yet roused, but I see the potential in it


  

So, this is where they keep their nerds.  Not bad, not bad.


  

American circus circus?


  

Door is unlocked so I step in, but they don’t open until 1300
goddammit, Ryan


  

  

  

Ach, I’m burned out, but I love this place.  Give me three more days here, I beg you


A matriarch asks me for directions to a museum.  
I mean, yeah, there’s a museum in the direction I came from
But I hope that’s not the one you’re looking for.  


1230
Found myself back at Ronnie Drew's
A quiet early afternoon
  



Irish Pub Song
It's over to me and over to you
We'll skip along the Avenue
And who t'hell is Ronnie Drew?
We got us an Irish pub


  

  

  

There’s a group of women in matching blue shirts in the area. 
West Coast Country Liners
Guitar and cowboy hat
I think they're Scottish 
Well, we won't hold it against ya


One orders a pair of ciders
Magners or Orchard Thieves?
Bartender has a thick Irish accent, but
Sounds like she pronounces the ‘th’ in Orchard Thieves 
So I wonder whether it had more to do with her region or just her particular idiolect.


(OH: “pro tip:  next time you use the toilet, use the disabled toilet”)
They are a bit on the mature side, but even if they weren't, that accent makes everything sound a bit old-timey to my ears.


Place starts to fill up
4 ppl sat near me and I'm trying not to intrude
“You won't get much for fifty pounds”
Something, something fifty pence
And she looks right at me and we share a laugh.
“See you later” she says to me with a smile as I rise to leave
  



  

Hot Cross Buns
Hot cross buns. 
Hot cross buns. 
One a penny, two a penny. 
Hot cross buns
The first song we all learned to play.  On a Recorder.


1330
Not at all misty and not exactly morning, but I've made it to 
Albert's bridge
Count the days slowly passing by
Step on a plane and fly away
I'll see you then as the dawn birds sing
On a cold and misty morning by the Albert Bridge
Nevermind that this isn’t the one over the Thames
  
  



1400
Doesn't take much time at all for a place to become familiar
But it does take iterations and permutations
I recognize these store fronts from the view from our balcony
But it looks sooo different in the light of day and from this direction 


1430
Another parade.  Still no candy.
Smaller group than Dublin had
And from this angle I can't see their words
The orange and the Bobby support strongly implies they're unionists 


1700
Watched all quiet on the western front


2200
Get a pint of Guinness at Longfellows
And I throw all my change on the table
It pays for the drink and a little more.
Sweet Caroline on actual karaoke
  





Monday, May 19 - Belfast - STL


600


Clean up and dilly dally a little
Uber to the airport right quick, too early
  

Double espresso from the trainee barista at Nero


930
And once again, a little tooo much of the dilly and the dallying at the airport
I was waiting at gate 5 while my plane was boarding at gate 4
Hustle up the stairs for final call
I was the last one on the plane
But still we're underway 8 minutes early


  

I think I will walk outside this area


1130
Land early, 
but gotta wait for a gate
Puts us a little behind schedule
The British pilot is extremely polite
Annoying kid in the seat behind me on the other hand…
“Bubblegum, bubblegum in a dish…”


Navigating Heathrow 
This clearly says terminal 3 she says to me
And we're in 5.  Find a bus and it's like a 10 minute ride


Trying to get my boarding pass
No one in line ahead of me, but it takes a long time for anyone to get around to me
Acting uncannily like they don't know what they're doing.  Almost comical.
I show my itinerary, provide my passport
And he's still asking me questions, like what flight am I on, when am I leaving
Should just be a matter of entering my confirmation code and printing the dang pass


1300
Not a fan of this airport
Get myself a gin and tonic 


1400
On the plane
17 D was born in America but raised in South America
Argentina.  The best country in S.A.
Much better than Venezuela 
Politics and popes
Talking to 17 H (the mom? Of 17 E)
She's kinda an American Mary Berry
“Go white sox!”
The two seats next to me are empty 🤞
What Jayson Street called “poor man's business class”
Luxury


Another flight and I still haven't met the “ear butts” man.
“Head phones?  Any head phones, friends?”


Started watching Companion 
Turned it off about halfway through
Had a little lie down, almost missed chicken


Give Gladiator II a shot.  It's OK.
Chicago
1630
We landed early
Quite a line for immigration, but no passport needed
Just my face.
And one question.
Where are you coming from?
Mind goes blank.  Should I say Heathrow?
I blurt Belfast.  He's OK with it.  Moving on




1700
Long line for security, they move us to checkpoint nine
Good thing I got oodles of time
Looks like there's an earlier flight headed to stl that maybe I could've made or just missed.
If I knew I'd be waiting in the terminal this long, I could've met my folks here.


Stella from the bronze tap
  

I think that may be the most expensive drink this trip
 My neighbor tries to order a cabernet with a 50 dollar bill
“I don't have change for you.  I literally have 5s and 1s”
“That's why I ordered it.  I need the change”
“Wait.  I personally have change for you” fat stack of small bills


1800
This song sounds so familiar…
Girl asks the bartender:  “Do you know this song?”
Her guy:  “How would she know this song?”
Bartender:  “Yeah, it's my playlist.  It’s a cover…”
Guy on the seat next to me shows his phone
He also ID'd it
  



Bartender sez: “I'm going to the ladies room.  You guys got time?”
“Yeah…”


Younger couple gets carded
(But they look like they're over 12…)
Guy orders an old fashioned
And it's Bullitt bourbon, ok
But those radioactive / dayglo maraschino cherries 


1930
Getting ready to board
Another couple of annoying kids
I pull my earplugs out the smaller bag


2030
Finally boarding 
No more overhead space but it looks like even my big bag fits under the seat


STL
Post-party depression
Sooner or later this party gets busted
And all your friends stumble back home
But you're the lose cannon
That could never be trusted
So you'll hide from the cops all alone again


Tell me, when the fire dies down, what the fuck will you do?
When the man comes around, what the fuck will you do?
Who's gonna be there to catch you when your plans all fall through?
When you were flyin' your white flag, who never gave up on you?


2200 
Some turbulence 
Tornado watch 
  

NBD.  It’s raining, but it’s warm.


I did not do any of the driving in Ireland
Still it feels quite weird driving on the right side of the road now




Appendices 
2025/05 - Ireland Appendices


Live Music Clip Compilation
