I told you guys it was too early to bloom.
Next time wait for my signal.


3am and I find myself awake.
Flashing lights at my neighbors house again.
I like the way they look through my door.


March 2
Driving down the centaur through the hills of Babler
Circle back to forested flat lands of Howell Island
  

I’ve walked out alone into woods and snow.
Wave to the man in the tractor that rolls slowly past.
I’m hearing voices.  Low, indistinct.  Kinda freaking me out.
An old man fishing or a frog or a creaking log or my stomach.
Oh it’s my phone.  
The app is counting off the miles.
I can’t stop walking.  Can’t stop to read.
Need to crunch, crunch through the snow to keep warm.


March 9
The other side of the river this time.  It’s a lovely day.  
A woman and a dog emerge from the underbrush.  
Are you on the Lewis trail or the Clark?
And which way back to the parking lot?
  

Boots are giving me blisters so I take them off.
The ground is loud to winter softened feet. 
Cold puddled water makes me gasp.
The squishing makes me smile.
  
  



March 10
  

Ice Fog.  That sounds ominous.  Impenetrable.
I’d prefer a Nice Frog.


March 14, Pi Day
Another year, another Siteman follow-up.  Long time, no see.
The place, the people are less familiar every time I come back.
  

They take a little blood and give me a clean bill of health.  See you (or someone like you) next year.


St. Patricks Day.  
And my parents are visiting.
We drive downtown for the parade.
Buying a hat from the city’s most serious street vendor.  The negotiation is surreal.
A vietnam vet that strikes me as a mash-up of Hoffman’s and Gleeson’s characters in Cold Mountain.
This hat here is twelve dollars.  And this hat here is twelve dollars.
I’m starting to detect a pattern.  Is this hat twelve dollars?
Now, now.  Let’s not get hasty. 
I have to check my sheet.
Twelve dollars.


My washer and dryer are arriving an hour early so when we meet up with Steve he takes me home.
We stop for sushi along the way.  There’s a mini lobster on the plate.
Steve wakes from a nap long enough to talk with one of the delivery guys about my melting clock.
And the other one sees my circuit boards and knows that I’m a hacker.


  
  

To iTap one of our after work happy hour haunts for the Holy Hand Grenades.  


I’m wearing two colors that I’m informed look terrible together.
To me it’s green and green.  
You can’t get any more matching than that.
But it’s one layer with the darkness of the emerald isle
and the next layer with the brightness of STL spring buds.
So I promise to wear a jacket to cover the clashing sleeves.
But I can wear my mini kilt when I want to dare to be so bold.
Because no one ever got awesome by doing what they’re told.
Following a rule always puts you second to it.


For dinner we head to O’Dells Irish Pub.  Because Dave Bennett is supposed to be there.
But the room is crowded and he’s nowhere to be found.


Down to Dogtown.  It’s a fun parade.  
  



  

Random guy:  Ninja turtles were my life, man!
My mom:  Oh yeah?  Which one was your favorite?  And don’t you dare say Michelangelo!
Random guy:  It was Raphael, man.
