2/18/10
        Family Arena. I checked the website and saw Monster Trucks.
        but today it's a company outing to see Buddy Guy and BB King
        MCalvin is the first to arrive.
        I see him chided by with the one who
        guards our suite
        a short fireball of a little old lady.
        “You know why I'm carding you, don't you?”
        M says no. He doesn't drink, anyways.
        “There's beer in there and I don't to want to have to come in there and whup you”
        Budweiser sitting out in a Lipton tub. The soft drinks are hiding in a fridge
        under the toasted ravioli and hot dogs
        a tall lady comes in and asks if everything is OK.
        I'm the only one who can hear her and I say yes.
        it's somewhere between a smoky dive bar and an actual venue
        floor looks like a swap meet. there's old people everywhere
        Min Li asks if I want a beer in her fierce, accusatory manner
        I stare, stammer, and gesture in my sporadic, timid way
        still trying to process if it is a challenge or a friendly offer
        I eventually answer in the affirmative
        I finally meet the infamous Donesh who has arrived with Tom&Greg
        Ding is watching the Olympics on the 14inch CRT TV
        He's really big into figure skating
        Buddy Guy has a lot of spirit, part comedian
        Min asks me why people are laughing
        you see, the audience infers the next word
        she is milking a bull and it rhymes with quick
        Popcorn and peanuts are getting tossed at faces, missing the mouths
        BB King is getting old. impressive for 84, but he tells a story
        about fishing and wandering eyes and whatnot
        telling the same story for an hour or so
        the rest of his band has left the stage
        occasionally playing a little guitar
        leads the audience in a round of “You are my sunshine”
        Ding leaves, but comes back. “Dave, I need your help”
        Someone has locked him out of his car. Electronic remote gadgets.
        So I drive him and his wife home.
