Day 0 - March 26, Dia de Arrival
Day 1 - March 27, Dia de Easter
Day 2 - March 28, Dia de Maya
Day 3 - March 29, Dia de Aguila
Day 4 - March 30, Dia de Fiesta
Day 5 - March 31, Dia de Limes
Day 6 - April 1, Dia de Fools
Day 7 - April 2, Dia de Departure
Day 0 - March 26, Dia de Arrival


We leave Lee oranges and sugar cane so he can play stickball.
But he doesn’t want to invite the neighborhood kids.
“You can’t play stickball by yourself”


Lee says:  “Don’t get eaten by a shark”


Finding music to set the tone for departure.
Buena Vista Social Club is the right sound, but wrong country
Ma offers to sing “Leaving on a jet plane”
We play some trap music and God’s Away on Business


Parents grab some breakfast and in the style of Markus we film our own breakfast review


  
As safety officer, I approve this message.


A woman in the row ahead of us, one flight attendant tells her to push the bag further under the seat.
The next one, a bit sassy, says “Please pull it out a bit”
We have a bit of a laugh as she attempts to comply.
Her husband chides her: “You didn’t know he was joking?”
“I don’t fly very often…”
The flight attendant replies, “Me neither.  Last year I only logged 1,000,103 miles.”
And then he tells us you can fly from Seattle to Japan in the same time as Seattle to Atlanta
Because of the time changes.


The Force Awakens plays on the plane.  The turbulence adds to the immersion.
We’re bounced around like BB-8, an analogue turn and bank indicator.


  



We land and get in a long line that moves slowly through a stuffy room.
People are fanning themselves with their passports.
The pair of girls in front of us are “blasting beats”
They have vodka in their luggage
“I have the dark and she has the light”
They are flirting with the boys, but the boys seem more interested in fishing.


“America is somewhat OK” says a portly curly haired kid in a Stuckey’s shirt.
“Do they have a chaperone or am I just getting old?” I ask
Yeah, it’s that guy with the Wrestling duffel bag.


“At least the power is on…”  (c.f. Turks and Caicos)
A few minutes after I say this it goes out.
But it is soon restored.


“I always smile when I see ‘St. Anthony’s Key’  I know him.  He’s no saint.”
A quirky guy in a wheelchair hollers a greeting as we approach the driver.
“You’re gonna have a great time.  This is the best one!”
That just may be Saint Anthony himself.


  

20 minute ride to the resort.
We sit in the lobby for introductions and paperwork.  I’m room 28, locker 77.
  

Do you want an alcoholic or non-alcoholic rum punch?


We spot a rather large puffer fish from the dock.


  



  
  

  

Happy hour at the pool bar.  
A row of stools.  There should be a swim-up section.
I get the 2-for-1 special even though I’m 10 minutes early.
Salva Vida, la cerveza de Honduras.
Tastes like a standard lager, maybe a touch citrusy


  

Mom warned me to bring pants.  Since they might be needed for dinner.
I told her naw, I don’t think it’s that kind of place.
But it seems she was right.  At least in theory.
In practice, most of us just wear swim suits.
  

  

Every day we have to walk over dead Bennetts.


At dinner we meet Tacho, the dining/bar manager, with the hard sell
He sounds like the people trying to lure us into restaurants in Istanbul
He visits each table and repeats the same phrases
“You will have a great vacation here, my friend”
“This is the best coffee in Latino America, my friend”
The waiter’s tag says Bennett
Anita says “Nice name”
Dessert is tres leches.
It’s soggy.
It’s nicer if you call it moist.
How about sultry?
I don’t know about that.


We ring the bell to call the ferryman.


  

Chatting with OJ, the dive master manning the shore station.
A couple stops by and tells us about the octopus they saw here last year, so calm they could pet him.


  

Day 1 - March 27, Dia de Easter 


We start off with a cup of that famous coffee and a view of the sun rising over a bay.


Head on down to the docks for the morning briefing.
Jimmy is our captain and Jeff is the dive master.
Our boat is the Andrea.
  

  

  

Happy hour will be at the pool again tonight.  
Be sure to bring some drinks to the fish ID presentation.
The more drinks you bring, the better the presentation.
Ugh.  We’re gonna have to do a check-out dive with regulator removal and mask flooding.
Ma is her usual nervous wreck of a self until we hit the water and then she’s totally ready to go.


  

Dive 41, Mike’s Place (19).
Not bad for a warmup.
The dutch couple showed me a huge rock crab.
I opted for a 2 mm shorty.  Stayed warm enough.
Brief surface interval then dive 42 at Wayne’s Place (23, aka Wayne’s World)
We skip the afternoon dive.  “That’s OK, ease into it”


  

Taxi boat over to Bailey’s key, the dolphin zone.
  
Cats live on the island.
  
  



  

Happy Hour, mk II.  
One of the dive instructors has a hammerhead wrapping around his belly
And the shoulder ray tattoo that Mom was supposed to get.
Shauna recommends the Frangipani, “It’s the best”
  



Two people are leaning over the balcony, looking at holes, waiting for crab emergence.
Security told them to put a foot on each side of them.
Since they can’t walk forward, they’ll be trapped.
When we try it, they just crawl over our foot.
I guess I should have expected that.


Then we order some White Russians to honor the Canadians (c.f. Dominica)
We play the Canadian anthem on the way to the Fish Identification presentation


“Drink water”
You might get bit by a damselfish.
Blenny, like human beings, they compare the size of their mouths.


  

At dinner they serve us a cake in the shape of a rabbit.


I return to my room to find an animal poised and ready to strike.
  

Day 2 - March 28, Dia de Maya


Another rough sleep.  The wind blows loud at night.


Walking down the stairs I find a pen stuck in my sandal.
Dad asks “Are you taking footnotes?”


Dive 43, Hole in the wall (10)


  

Christmas tree on brain coral


Rough waters as we head around the island for our Maya key excursion
We spot a small group of flying fish.
Also, some excited tuna we hoped was a sign of a nearby whale shark


Dive 44, Key Hole 
I accidentally smack the Dutch woman in the face.
We find a seahorse and a pack of 8 mini-Cthulhus (Cuttlefish or Squid, depending on who you ask)


We dock, rinse off, catch some lunch, look at the animals they have in cages.
The maya ruin replicas are air conditioned to super chilly.
Then lay on the beach.
  



Karen from Colorado takes notes using Dura Rite underwater paper
She reminds me a bit of Nancy (from Skippy and Scooter on Turks & Caicos)


Dive 45, West End Wall (4)
The ride back is smoother, this is an easy drift dive.


We get back just in time for the buoyancy workshop.
Which is the three of us Bennetts sitting on the deck at a round table with Alejo.
It’s more like a therapy session.  “Tell me why you think you have a problem with buoyancy…”
Pro tip:  make sure you lean with the release valve side up
Try to frog kick so you don’t need to move so much.
Karen shows up, we get a second opinion from Erika
She reacts with the same bit of shock as Alejo when learning Karen dives with 10 mm of neoprene here
So, all this considered, she isn’t really over weighted.


  

Tonight’s happy hour is at the Frangipani bar.
And the Kulture band is there.  He seems like a pretty cool guy.
We accidentally share a moment when he sings about Jager (I don’t really drink it).
I order the mango colada, but the bartender attempts to dissuade me 
Since it’s today’s special and therefore isn’t 2-for-1.
Dinner ends with a mandatory flan.


  

We take a brief walk and risk our lives on the other side of the barbed wire fence.
Day 3 - March 29, Dia de Aguila


We start with a wreck dive.  A boat whose name means eagle.
Ma asks Jimmy, what’s the story?
It caught on fire at some point so they sank it with some dynamite.
Dive 46, Aquila
Big moray eel under the boat. 
  

I followed Jeff in and around the wreck.
A really cool experience.


Dive 47, Four Sponges (25)
  

  



  

Barking orders at the congregation of fish.


  

Agouti are the resident rodents.  A potato on toothpicks.
Looks like a 2nd grader designed it.  


Dive 48, Deep eel garden (17) 
Awesome night dive.
Lots of little red eyes from night shrimp.
Some lobsters, crab.
We spent some time playing with an octopus.
Ma lost her fin and Jon (not my Dad) recovered it.
  



  



  

At dinner we eat one of our crab friends.  It’s a struggle.
Day 4 - March 30, Dia de Fiesta


  

We take ma to the clinic as soon as it opens.  She’s been having problems with her ears.
And the diagnosis isn’t so good.  She’s given drugs for the infection and told to keep them out of the water.


Dive 49, Stovail’s Serenity (28)
Another easy drift dive.
  

Squirrel fish.
Barracuda, a couple of small eely things spotted by Dad at the end (Secretary Blennies)


Dive 50, Fish Den (12)
Turtle in the distance, big parrot fish.
  

Why aren’t we eating the lionfish?


  

Damian the ferryman asks me if I have money in my bag.
Apparently it looks like the ones that the banks use.
Some people are hurrying towards the boat.
He says “Don’t rush, you’re on island time.”
When they walk a little fast we call it the Roatan Rush.


  

I’m a sucka for Yucca.  (It just tastes like a starch).


Dive 51, Melissa’s reef (33)
Another drift dive, more turtles.
  

Dad’s head is hurting at the end.  Looks like another Bennett for the clinic.
We try to keep our spirits high, even though we’re dropping like flies.


I take the ferry over to Bailey’s Key to meet mother, who is doing the dolphin encounter.
I sit through the English briefing.
Dolphins do tricks for food.
  

  



We pick up a hermit crab and carry him around, trying to find a new home for him.
To no avail.  It’s a seller’s market.


Dad takes a nap as mom and I scope out the pagoda and the fiesta situation.
Chat with our boatmate Jill about Bonaire (she has a house on the island).
Recommends Buddy Dive over Captain Don’s wrt ensuring you have a enjoyable experience.
Her niece is sick Sophie, down with bronchitis.


I ordered a rum and coke and got a rum punch and I ain’t even mad.
I swap one for ma’s Frangipani 
And we discover drinking them both at the same time tastes great and helps avoid brain freeze.
We just blew that old guy’s mind.  “Two drinks at once!?”
  



  

Guy lit our tiki torch and ma yells at him as he walks away with it.
“I’ll bring it back”  He uses it to light the others.
The internet fails us as we try to look up the olympic song
But overall, this island has better WiFi coverage than my house.


Crab racing turns out to be more like reverse crab sumo wrestling.
They draw a circle around them and the first three to escape go to finals.
I’m number 20.  She writes it on my wrist band.
  



Then some traditional Garifuna dancing.
“I dunno, I’ve seen better at Blarney’s”
This song has a conch solo, a maracas solo, and a turtle solo.


Jon announces that Karen’s farmer Jane has gone missing.
“If you know my wife, you know she’ll freeze without it.”
Day 5 - March 31, Dia de Limes


Dad tries buying meds from the snack shop, but the woman behind the counter talks him out of it.
“Too many chemicals” just go upstairs and ask for some limes.  “That’ll kill any bacteria you have”
Come back later and tell me how you feel.


At breakfast there’s a guy sputtering and gasping from a bit of hot sauce.
His friend begins to attempt the heimlich maneuver..


It seems like he’s at least ten years older, but it turns out that Jimmy is a year younger than me.


Dive 52, Barry’s Reef (24)
It’s just me, Karen, Jon, and Jeff.
Sharp tailed eel, which looks like a displaced snake.
Another tight/tricky swim through.


Dive 53, Canyon Reef (11)
Big parrot fish with a hanger-on.


Parents go paddle boarding. 
Near the dock on Anthony’s key is a small black pipe horse.


Dive 54, Bear Den (21)
The parents are back.  Team Bennett assemble!
Karen spots an octopus 
Jeff and a dive master from another boat tease him out of his hiding hole with poking sticks.
Look out, he’s grabbed one of them.


  

It’s 50 stairs up to the dining room.  
There’s a night dive instead of a happy hour, so we can order the special.
Midori Colada.  Sweet, good.  “It’s green.”
Someone walks up the stairs carrying Karen’s wetsuit.  
Turns out a visiting snorkeler accidentally walked off with it and took a cab to return it.
We spot the front desk clerk taking it down to the dive shop and then we see Karen get off the ferry boat.
So we head down the stairs to close the loop.


  



  

Lizard on the ceiling.


The brownies are the best dessert.  
Everything else has the same slimy consistency and almost everything is drizzled with chocolate sauce.
Even the jello.  It says Sherry.  Which might be meant to be Cherry.  
Or someone’s name, since it tastes like strawberry.
It wouldn’t be the first typo on the board.
  

Things like Frrnch fries and minestrony soup.


  

We hang out by the pool a bit. 
It’s open ‘til 10, but it’s not well lit.
Day 6 - April 1, Dia de Fools


The wind rustling the leaves sounds like a rain stick.


Dive 55, Gibson’s Bight (13)
We see the usual suspects.


Dive 56, Peter’s Place (20)
Big moray eel out in the open.


We asked for a driver and signed up for a three hour tour.
Meet Italo and his van at 2pm.
At first I was worried we’d have to set the agenda, but after hearing about the Iguana farm, worried we couldn’t.
He passes us off to Amorsa, who seems to have more chill and speaks better English.
We ask him where’d he go for a drink.
The bars are too expensive, like two or three dollars for one beer.
So he goes to the supermarket and gets a six-pack for five bucks.
Find somewhere to chill with friends.  Sounds good to me.


  

Now entering Coxen Hole.
Some kids are dancing in front of the video store.
The banks have guards holding shotguns in front of them.


  

Free WiFi at the park.


  

We stop at Mayan Eden, ten dollars entrance.
Kevin is our guide and he seems pretty knowledgeable.


  

They get the butterflies drunk to facilitate reproduction.


  
  

  

This park has monkeys and the smart ones are not in cages.


  

  

Here, hold this kinkajou.


  

Yep.  This is where I accessorize.


At the (cheaper) grocery store we pick up a six-pack of SalvaVida and a dutch beer, Breda.
“Now we’re ready to party”
  
Amorsa says, you can crack ‘em open if you want.  
As long as the driver isn’t drinking, we’re legal.
Ma keeps helping me look for soursop, but to no avail.


  

  

We stop at “the view” and the happy woman talked us into a t-shirt.  7 dollars, 6, 5, sold.


  

Swanky resort, Parrot Tree, our driver calls the security guard “hermano” (brother)
We pass through the gate.  There’s a chopper on the helipad.


  

Buy fruit from a roadside stand.
They say it’s a type of plum, tastes a bit like sour apple.


  

Back at the resort drink some beers on the sunset patio.
Another happy hour at the Frangipani bar.
We show the Breda can to the Dutch.  
Yup it’s from Holland, but they don’t recognize it.
“Holland has so much beer…”


After drinking a zombie, ma keeps requesting brains.


Damian let some giggling kids drive the ferry boat.
The boat gets a little banged up, but there were no casualties.
Day 7 - April 2, Dia de Departure


Travel day, no more diving.  
We take the paddle boards out to Bailey’s Key and do some early morning snorkeling.
Down to the docks to see off Jon and Karen
They regale us with tales of Indonesia
Bora bora and the boogey men.
Drink the last two beers.
Pick up the printout of our dives.
Pile into the van to head to the airport.


  

And this is the day I make good on my promise to eat a tortilla at breakfast.


  

  

3 hour layover in Atlanta, we get some food at the Juke Joint
A man named Paige (his parents had four boys and wanted a daughter) comments on my chicken and waffles.
Next time we’re in New Orleans we must eat shrimp and grits.
