Tempel of Steel
        


I need a summer job.
I want to work in a office, something like data entry.
But it has been a while now and no success so I widen my search.
Interview at a factory in Libertyville.  Tempel Steel.
At the end of a brief talk I'm offered the job.  Second Shift.
Well, blue collar means I don't have to look nice.
I go home and shave the right half my head.
Mother screams when she comes home.  "I hope you've found a job"




My first day.
They hand me a stamp with my number
11979


There's another new guy.
Black man, considerably bigger than me.
The other workers placing bets
Say I won't make it two weeks.


I am the only white guy in annealing on this shift
They tell me I look like Scott Steinburg
who was 18 years old and small
worked here two years then moved to the press room


Foreman looks at me, feels my biceps
"We'll bulk you up"
picking up steel and smacking it around
give you some muscle to fill out that tattoo
Foreman as big and fierce as he looks
has a tribal that only goes part way around his arm
"it hurt too much"


Alejandro is the one that shows me the ropes
tall and thin, not as coarse as most of the brutes here
We work in annealing
One crew puts oily metal laminates into trays
they roll through the flames
another crew takes them out of the trays, smacks them around and puts
them in boxes


there's a sign that says
"All stacks except 565626M50 code 0678 which is spanked, are to be
dropped on a T-9288 pad one time prior to packing.  This is to Insure
that the stacks are not stuck together"


a few days in the new guy confides in me
"this shit is hard work"
two weeks later he just stopped showing up
I'm still going strong


Foreman has a serene air
"he's what we call 'blue black'"
in the break room he reads magazines about business and golf
talks to me about school and books


Russell (Rusty) is the other black guy, the rest are Mexicans
he confides in me, takes me under his wing
points out the two men that are likely to come in guns ablazing
"If I see that fucker come in with a rifle, you'll find me under the table"
and he has problems of his own, like some crazy bitch trying to fuck him
He plaintively tells the foreman "We have to work together so..."
"No, you have to work with me.  I don't have to work with you"


there's quite a bit of racism around, but everybody seems to like me
"It's alright if a Mexican guy gets killed, but I don't want you to get hurt"
I speak enough Spanish that the Mexicans like me
I only wish the two groups would get along with each other
"Watch the nigger, OK?  If he comes over here, send him back"


I'm reading La Raza
"el adjetivo, cuando no da vida, mata"
"El poeta es un pequeno dios"
Vicente Huidobro


work isn't bad
exercise, good people - time to think
my mind is my own, much of the time
the money is good, but who am I?
Discordian, lover, or fighter?
or should the first question be "am I"


It's the first time I'm stationed at L/1
moving the little steel and at a slow pace
I am solo so I must work the computer
It's the easiest job in annealing
but bureaucratic assholes are running about
which means that I can't sit today
it's us against them, those pricks in ties
never mind that I want to be one someday


pushing the button to send off the parts into the furnace
I feel like a six flags ride attendant.
so I wave


"Will I be a paranoid schizophrenic some when I grow up?"
"Oh, you mean stay exactly the way you are?"


Another one telling me about another son
people just like to hear themselves talk
I nod my head, I nod my head
he makes fun of me for it
You never say nothing, you just sit there nodding your head
"Don't mind me.  I'm a pain in the ass"


feeling without gloves, hearing without earplugs
after a numbed while any sensation, even pain, is bliss
beauty is a bird hopping in a shadow on concrete then flying into the sun
first it calms then it excites it holds your attention for a moment then dies


I cut the "Steel Toed" stickers off my boots
and glued them to my moccasins


they ask me "are you a mama blautas?"
I'm learning new words almost every day.
they are the reason that I say "chingada way"
and I teach them the sign for "Sorry"
since sometimes I make mistakes.
He asks me how you say Marijuana in English
and I tell him:  Marijuana.
So he says yeah, how do you say it in English
so I tell him:  Weed.


I volunteer for overtime more than anybody else
in the early morning halfway through through third shift I leave
and say hi to the first shifter who is coming in four hours early
I'll see him later in the day when he's twelve hours in and second shift starts


these new pieces resemble foot long cockroaches in such a delicious way
I've pierced my labret after spying a spike so attractive on a boy on 3rd shift


I write to preserve what tatters of sanity I have left
and reading some of what I've written I'm shocked at how far I've descended
debo fumar?
bumming Marlboros in the break room
I'm still new to smoking, the nicotine rush
after ten hours of work it's bliss with a cup of coffee
25 cents in and the drop of the paper cup


we are a beautiful freak show
caricatures and comedy relief
the man who looks like Snake has the name Angel
a badass rebel in a suit looks like Conan O'Brian
sleeves rolled up and smoking a cigarette
Oso Yogi looks like the grinch
Guadalupe looks like a Golden Retriever
speaks hardly any English  happy, ignorant grin.
coincidently he brings in a printout of a dog doing a woman


They call me Mariano, which I assumed was an insult
they crack up every time I say "Me llamo Mariano"
My dad asked his coworkers what it means
and tells me it's just a name like "Marty"


"keep your eye on this one" he jerks his thumb towards me
"he's a mama blautas"


In the break room I'm sitting in the Lotus position
"keep that shit up, your name will change from Hercules to Hippy"
"if I got my legs like that you'd have to bury me like that"


A holiday is coming
work L/3 for 3 hours then cleaning and boxes
a newsletter comes with the check
something about the health plan
front page story:  "how to break up with a significant other"


power goes out - 1hr 10min downtime - "a squirrel did it"
we hang out outside by the fence, the pallets
where the roach coach parks
it looks like fun to drive the fork lifts around
I'm not certified so they only let me do it briefly


they are laughing at the size of my pliers
the bigger ones are stronger, but the smaller ones easier to handle


restating the obvious for the benefit of the oblivious
I lost my stamp.  damn and double damn


"Warning low headroom" says the sign at eye level
"Caution.  Do not drink from this stillcock.  Water is not potable."


Estrada offered me a banana in a frightening, threatening manner.


Crazy lazy-eye told Jaime that I'm a mama blautas then caressed my arm
he sings well - a delightful baritone, but his lyrics leave something to be desired
"pinche mariano, le gusta la pistola"
he signals for me to follow him
"don't get jealous"  he grabs Angel
"Nobody's ever touch me there, unless you count doctors"


an old man talking about drinking, smoking, fucking
he quit only the last


thank god for bathroom walls or I'd be spelling bergas with a v


JB is explaining why his finger is in a splint
"I was walking around with my thumb up my butt and sat down"


On my last day I must bring in pizza, beer, and women
or they will cut my hair.
"You know they all laugh at it, don't you"
Medina hacks it off and ties up a bit of it to hang from the corkboard
"You look good now.  I have to kiss you"


sentimental goodbyes, please come back next year
they want me to get a gringa for oso.
"say 'this is my good friend el oso.  I want that you should fuck with him'"
