INTRODUCTION


Tried a travel agent
They were some vague combination of shady and useless so we wind up booking the whole thing on our own.
I mean, it's just a handful of flights, hotels, dives, and tours, right?
We got this!
We got this?


Drive up to the folks’ house so we can embark on this adventure together
Final planning.  A trip so many years in the making is just days away
The essentials are booked, the rest is in the hands of fate
Getting an appointment for the RT-PCR test for a return is proving to be more of an ordeal than anticipated
The people we're dealing with want to use Spanish, and what's worse, WhatsApp.


  
  

Mnke and Missy are in town for 20 year high school reunion.  And karaoke
Chaos in the morning


Acquiring heaps of cash since Ecuador doesn’t like credit
This site says pack toilet paper.  Don't drink tap water.
I forgot about those cautions
This starts to feel daunting
But I'm still so excited 


Watching Dune!
Quite true to the book, I don't regret rereading it right beforehand
  



Drive to Binny’s to find some Aguardiente
They don’t have the fancy bottle anymore so we just buy Cristal
  
        <      
Flavored with anise.  It just tastes like watered-down Ouzo






CHAPTER I.  
Thursday, Oct 28
Chicago to Guayaquil


Set alarm for 0435 but I'm awake before 4
Uber at 0530
Silver Lexus, a little early, but we're ready
Driver likes the morning.  His passengers are nice people,  not drunk 


TSA scans my boarding pass, they haven’t been doing that lately
Light turns red.  Invalid, he says.  And sends me along anyways
And I forgot to take the liquids out of my bag, but they didn’t seem to notice
We really could have slept in, but I feel less anxious on this side of security


1200
My touch screen doesn’t work, so I mostly just read Interesting Times and nap.  


1400
  

Some people have started speaking Spanish to us, primarily
The announcement starts “Damas y caballeros”  ladies and gentlemen
Panama - we have to run.  The sign says we’re at last call


1700
Landing now [urinating dog]
The plane claps, though I could swear the pilot said we’re in Quito


1800
Finally through immigration and by God, Anita Bennett has her name on a sign!
Driving to the hotel.  Palm trees and motorcycles driving with no regards for rules or safety
  
  

1900
  

  

Start to explore the malecón pier
Street vendors shouting agua, agua, agua (cf. Istanbul’s suyu, suyu, suyu)  and bags of Panchitos
People in costumes all around
Several spidermen, witches, zombies, squid gamers
Leafy sea weeds float down the river.  “That’s why they call the city Guayakale”
  
Hanging out with our buddy Juan Pueblo


2000


We decide to eat at Resaca hangover
I order Pollo con champiñones
I was tempted to just say it in Ingles, but the waiter compliments my pronunciation 
And now he wants us each to practice our Spanish
Mom ordered Canasita rellena de queso  “Say after me”
Translated on the menu as Green banana basket filled with cheese
His English is excellent, but it appears he doesn’t get too many chances to practice it, so he’s excited
“Is my English good?  Can you understand me?”
His deferential affectations are a little over the top, but I think he is a genuinely nice person.
“Enjoy your beer, my friend”
“I’m here to serve you”
He’s a lot of fun and we’re off to a good start.
Connect to the free malecón wifi and get good news from Ryan on the job front




2100
Turns out it has been the garbage trucks singing the happy little songs we’ve been hearing.
By the time I had the wherewithal to record it, it seems the phenomenon has passed us by
No one’s gonna believe us




CHAPTER II.
Friday, Oct 29


0700
After breakfast, we step out to get a taxi
Surely, the woman in the turismo jacket can help us
But she just shoots me down with “I don’t speak English”
Anyways, gestures get us into a taxi and I show the driver my phone with the Isla de Santay entry point selected
And this guy is befuddled, has to confer with his colleagues before starting to drive
We get out of the car, but some dudes on a stoop tell our driver not to leave us here
I don’t understand much of the sign, but Isla Santay appears to be closed
The gesture seems to indicate the bridge is broken
Looks fine to me, but whatever.
Back in the cab, indicate with the map we want to go to the malecón
We’re headed to the north side, he stops on the south
Asks if we want to continuar o caminar.  Es seguridad, he assures us
Y bello, I add
The pirate ship Henry Morgan is also shut down
What can save the day?


0800
  

Lots of people are wearing masks, even outside
At the north end of the malecón there are tents set up for covid tests
One person in the tent speaks a little english, so I make inquires as to ensure the success of our return to the US
Una prueba para viajar.  We should be OK if we arrive domingo en la mañana.  Temprano  early


  
  



0900
  
  

We take the air tram to Duran Duran
Because it looks like a fun thing to do
On the other side there’s appears to be another bridge to Santay, but it’s closed too.
This side of the river is industrious and not altogether welcoming.  But hey, the ride was fun
  
    


A city about the size of Chicago and its flag doesn’t look much different
But the people on the street here seem really friendly
A lot of Holas and Buenos días.  
Or Buen día.  Or just Buen
And they often say “Ciao” for goodbye




1000
The art museum opens.
Sign the guest book, temperature scan, hand sanitizer sprayed
Ingles o Español? 
Ingles, por favor
He rattles off something in Spanish and we head off on our way


The modern art is a bunch of simple colors and shapes.  The Moiré patterns and older stuff are more interesting
  

  
A dress on a dress
  
A bumble


1100
  

We start to climb the escaleras stairs
A lot of activity, people walking up and down with crates of beer or empty bottles 
Looks like there’s a lot of window-based commerce here, but it’s too early for most things to be open


  

squid games  
  
  



  
  
top
  

1200
Ready to head back down
Bought a bottle of water from a street urchin
Or it could be the daughter of one of the cops standing there
  
  



At stair 180 we chat with some folks from Florida  Wisconsin?
They spent four days in the Galápagos and are on the tail-end of their trip
We tell them how long we’ll be there and they couldn’t fathom how to fill those days
They take a picture of mom’s picture of the top and decide against climbing any higher
  



  

Back at the malecón, buy some helado from Pingüino
Dad orders chocolate with the English pronunciation
Chicle?


Empanadas are emphysema, emfritos, or whatever
And the malecón is Mordechai, moscato, miercoles, or Maleficent or whatever


  



1400
We head to the Museo de Cacao
  
  

  
  





1500
Then the tomahawk for drinks
Happy hour special - 2 for 1 but you can’t mix cocteles  cocktails
And we appear to be the only customers but service is still slow
  

We refuse to buy chiclets from the street urchins.
Don’t give them our chocolate neither
I think this guy is trying to sell us a baby


  

“They gave me a frickin’ cough drop” - AB


1600
  
  

Parque Seminario - known for its iguanas
There’s a cop band playing music
  

  



Walking past the discotecs.  We’re solicited by establishments and an indigent who keeps imploring “caballero…”


1900
  

Head to the mercado del rio for food
I get a mañanero (some breakfast food) from La Fogon De La Chonerita
Afuera o al dentro?
I try to head afuera outside
But guy stops me at the door.
Didn’t catch too much of what he said, but I think I need to drink cinco cervezas to pass
Try the otra lado other side and hope the folks are doing better with the raclette


2130
  
  

Back to Resaca - our friend is serving again.  His name is Edwin Bone
He’s still excited to practice his English and make us speak Spanish
We’re just doing drinks here tonight.  Easy mode.  
I order a Cuba Libre, practically a free pass




CHAPTER III.
Saturday, Oct 30
Guayaquil to Santa Cruz
Law of Los Espookeys
  

Darwin’s sub-title “Preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life” seems awkward today
But this chapter seems more relevant than ever


0800
Taxi to airport
Drives like a madman
Speaks something unintelligible


At the airport we show our passports and vaccine cards once again
Apparently, we need to get the transit control card here - not when we land
We get help in little doses, sometimes it’s even in English
Signs say pork is forbidden and we’re carrying meat sticks
Snacks feel like secret contraband
Another sign implies plastic isn’t allowed on Galapagos
But that doesn’t seem to have any bearing on reality


Other travelers have less snacky food stuff and customs is scrutinizing and documenting.  
Looks like they're wrapping up some chicken in danger tape.
Cheese is confiscated.
It was mozzarella


1200
  

Plane lands to applause
  





1330
  

5 dollars for the bus from the airport to the dock
  

And then the ferry from Baltra to Santa Cruz


  

Sea Lions at dock


15 dollars for the bus to Puerto Ayora
No clue where it’s going to stop


  
  

Cacti and dead things, seems an arid foreign planet
Drive from north to south from desert into greenery
Guayaquil was hot, this place feels more like room temperature


Cows
Horse
Kid shouts “tortuga, tortuga” when we pass some tortoises
  



1430
Bienvenidos a Puerto Ayora
A short walk to the Finch House.  Ring the bell
Mercedes checks us in
A sweet lady - she speaks some English, we speak some Spanish


Then we do some minor grocery shopping, since our hostal has a kitchen
[Hostal vs Hostel]


1630
  
  



  
  

Sally lightfoot crabs, pelicans, marine iguanas, a shark’s fin sailing through the water


1700
  
  

Dinner at Almar
A guy what looks like Jacques Coustou is speaking German to the first group of German tourists we encounter this trip


  

Drinks at the Santa Cruz Brewery 
  

Sample their offerings 
The beerslinger is Lily from Duolingo
  
  



  
  

to clear / your head /  today I invite you /  to a beer




  
  



  

  

Lights off the pier attract little sharks.  Sea lions sleep on benches
  



Walking the street some more, someone on the second floor singles us out and beckons us up
To Lemon and Coffee
  
  

Father orders Club beer and it’s 2 for 1 Cuba Libres for Mother and me


So many spidermen, and pirates, and Guy Fawkes
Their pentagram is upside down, if they were going for evil.  
At least it’s not a star of David


Another round, otra vez


It’s starting to get crowded, so they rearrange furniture.
Take a spare chair from our table for a tour of the place and bring it back


  

Signs say karaoke, but this appears to be an actual band, and that’s A-OK with me 
The soundtrack is reminiscent of the tropico games
This one song seems to be going on forever


There are some people here what know how to dance


2230
  

A dinosaur appears!
Why are they feeding alcohol to the lizards?
He’s dancing to despacito.
  
  





Now it’s a group of zombies dancing to Thriller!


2300
Another round.
Sometimes it seems we’re the only ones not knowing the words.


It appears that my mamá has incited more people to dance
“C’mon, you know they wanted to dance”
“Ya no se”
“Está bien”


“The dancers are from Cuba”
“That’s why we can dance so good”




CHAPTER IV.
Sunday, Oct 31


0000
Disco time.  I will survive.  Abba then Madona
And another round…
The whole bill for the three of us totals something like 50 dollars


0100
We’ve made our way back to the Finch house.  Not an easy walk back.
“We don’t ever have to do anything ever again?”
“Oh, crap.  I keep droppin’ peanuts”
It’s officially Halloween now


0800
Breakfast is eggs cooked in a pot as we have no pan
But we do have tortillas.  The coffee is instant


1030
  

Head towards the Charles Darwin research station and tour the surrounding park
Two types of finch show up, small and big beaks, adapted to eat different parts of the same plant
  



Dos chicas from Quito join us
One is excited by the smell of Balo Santo, a popular church incense


  
  

  
  

  
  



1200
  
  

The walk to the tortugas
We reach the beach and get in the water
Low viz, not much to see
Then the sharks show up
  

They said I look like Jar Jar binks
  



Stop by the dive shop for sizing up our equipment.
I’m number 8, the ocho.  Soy la araña spider
After my sunburn made me orange, la naranja 
1900
Best Day Ever Festival
  
  

  
  



2000


Yesterday we promised tomorrow, so today we eat at Mr. Elote
  
  

“It might be the free shot talking, but this is really good”  - JB
  

I’m happy to see the dog, but now the waitress is trying to evict it
  

I ordered a Gin and Tonic.  It’s very citrusy, I don’t think that’s actually tonic water and only a hint of Gin


  



2100
Head back to the festival, because we want some reptile brews
Determined to order a stout and Irish red, but all they have is the wheat
And it’s 3 for 10 or 3.50 each, so we get three wheat
One of the glasses is cracked
But it’s fine.
It’s all fine.
  



CHAPTER V.
Monday, Nov 1
First day of diving


0700
  
  

From the dive shop we head to the boat for our ride out to Floreana island
Leo gives the briefings and the divers make their introductions
Your name, where you’re from, how many dives you’ve done, when your last dive was
We have Swiss misses, a Belgian bloke, a man from Mexico, an Ecuadorian boy, a Peruvian dude
Around two hours to get there.  The boat bounces a bit, but the Dramamine seems to be working, I’m not particularly seasick


1000
Dolphins spotted from the boat


Dive #60  Punta Comorant
Warm tea and cookies in the interval.  Little bananas
Dive #61  Champion
  
  

Some sea turtles.  The sea lions were fun.  Quite bitey with the camera, each other, mom’s hair.
Seeing the white tipped reef sharks with better visibility is more fun, less scary than the tortuga bay encounter
The current is no joke, but not really a problem either.  
We swim against it a little bit, but not much fighting it.  Drift with it at the end.
Temperature is cold.  Shivering, but it’s manageable.  It’s not Lake Michigan cold.


Leo (Leodan) is our guide, looks a bit like John Leguizamo
Team nudibranch has Angel.  He’s the Costello to Leo’s Abbot
Wearing a dry suit, he describes the water as frio loco  crazy cold
Frank is the small guy that helps out.  He likes to sing little songs and dance around a bit.
The captain’s name is something multisyllabic starting with M
But he doesn’t like that name.  Call him by his name and he’ll be mad.
Call him Harry and he’ll be happy.  He’ll keep us safe.
  

  
  



El trapiche is closed tomorrow on account of the holiday, we pencil it in for Friday
Solicited by 2 tour guides.  The first one seemed nicer, the second more fixated on boats
Maybe should have tried using more Spanish, since something gets lost in translation
When they seem to understand each word we use, but not the semantic content
Mother tries to ask where else we can find these birds, 
But the response is more pre-canned spiel regarding this or that particular tour
I’m not sure if we need to use different words or just a different order to get that question across.


Pick up a pair of Pilsener from the grocery store then pull the trigger on N. Seymour with the first guide for tomorrow
A little pricey for some hiking, but we get a yacht and lunch.
Vendor says it’s his favorite island, no joke.
Because the colors are so striking


A pan showed up what wasn’t here before
It’s a nice place to stay.  Two separate bedrooms, a nice kitchen
The hormigos, though.  A lot of the little guys


Ham, cheese, mushroom quesadillas for dinner and make it an early night. 
Diving is pretty relaxing at times, other times exciting, always salty and taxing.




CHAPTER VI.
Tuesday, Nov 2
Bird Law, Day of the Dead


Up at 4 am for a bit.  The roosters, in particular, are making a lot of noise.  
quiquiriquí  cock-a-doodle-doo
Constantly


0800
Wait in the lobby, he said.  But we don’t have a lobby.
So we’re standing on the street corner.
A lot of taxis drive by.
Pickup trucks.  
A fleet of white pickup trucks.
A lot of customization, though.
The bus is full when we get on.
Looks like this crowd skews young.


Mom’s pain at least makes me thankful that my toe isn’t broken.


0900
Drive through a gaggle of bouncing ponytails
Back of the bus comments:  “Why are you running?  But also, go you”


1000
Back at the north dock.  Looks like the three of us get our own guide, Roland
Some eagle rays do sweet flips.  To release the parasites, the guide says
  
  



  
  

  
  

The black and red crabs are both Sally Lightfoots, with the former being the juvenile form of the latter


1100
  

  
  

  
  

1200
Funny little lava lizards scurrying about
  

Darwin Finch nest in cactus
  
  
  
  



1300
Short boat ride to Mosquerra island
  
  

Snorkel with the sea lions.  They like to play, says the guide.
Almost immediately, one has bitten my leg.
Felt no pain, just a pinch, there wasn’t any malice or hunger.  But there was blood.
Mostly they just go after the fins.  That’s cool.
  
  

  
  



1400
  
  

Tuna for lunch. Then head back to Puerto Ayora
  

  
  

my leg status:  bitten                                                        
ma’s toe status:  still broken


1800
  

Bought Darwin socks


1900
Looking for food.  
One sign advertises sopa de queso (cheese soup).
Mom wants it, but there’s not much else particularly appealing on the sandwich board so I veto it
Wandering up and down streets without any urgency
And after rejecting the other options we come back to the cheese soup place
Our waitress apparently doesn’t speak any English, so after we get confused she calls over a coworker who speaks some
Dad and I thought we were just getting some chicken, but more soup shows up.
And then plates of stuff.  I got some langosta lobster with fish
Not much of it there
  

Then we wait, hoping for a check
But then colada morada shows up.  The infamous purple drink
Tastes pretty much like apple sauce.  Not sure why it’s purple.  Has chunks in it.
Oh, and now the sign makes more sense.  You can’t just get soup, you have to get it all.
And it’s not the jugo juice that’s 3 dollars.  The whole meal costs only 3 dollars




  
  

This note fell out some guys wallet.






CHAPTER VII.
Wednesday, Nov 3
Second day of diving


0800
Mother seems to have forgotten her masquerilla
She had 3 in hand this morning
Guy at the dive shop says it’s OK.  There’s no more covid in Galapagos


  
  

We get into taxis, four to a car.  I get separated from the folks and drive with Germany, France, and Cali
Heading back to North Seymour but this time we’re going underwater




1000
Dive #62  North Seymour
Dive #63  Mosquerra


  

New people on the boat, two different Swiss ladies
Apparently, team nudibranch is an Angel thing, not an organic outcome of a dive’s shared experience
This group doesn’t really know what they are


  
  

Ostensibly hammerheads were spotted here, but when pointed out to me I only saw the handle, not the head


1900
Back to the brewery for a round of drinks
The other people on this floor are Americans
The lone guy from Nashville strikes up conversation with the other table and we make our exit


2000
  

Put a fried egg in my Lonchys fideos noodles.  
Not bad, not bad


2100
  

Walking down the street
Because it’s too early to go to sleep
Three boys on a bike roll by and one he says “bip bip”




CHAPTER VII.I
Thursday, Nov 4
Third day of diving


The people from my taxi ride are diving today
And we have two new people from Florida
So we list states in our intro this time


And we go through the briefing again for the new folks
No smoking in the back, hay gasolina
Guys!  Remember.  It's your responsibility
Please no put paper in the toilet.  You need to Pump the toilet to flush it.  
[Instructions unclear for one of the swiss girls, who reaches an aha moment after some shouted discourse]
This sign is not for massage, it's for hold the rocks
This is Ok on the surface, this is for emergency on the surface
Under water this is Ok.  It’s a question and an answer
Don't do a thumbs up, that's go up
This is for problem.  Problem with mask, problem with fins, problem with estomach




Dive #64  Gordon rocks
Dive #65  Gordon rocks


  

Panic attack on the first dive.   A touch of narcosis?  
A surreal moment, not at all like being drunk.
Thoughts shift from I'm dying to I have already died.
Fear that this is a memory, a scene, a scenario, that I was recently and will soon be somewhere else 
That the people around me are strangers or worse.  Mixed in are thoughts of hope and aspirations as my brain argues with itself
I still have air.
Hold the rocks, slow down, a few scary short breaths, then shift back into the longer ones.  Calm down.  Things are normal again.
Much better on the second dive.
Visibility wasn't all that great, but finally at one point a perfect silhouette of a hammerhead against the light
A weird day that includes OMG I forgot how to breathe, I'm going to die and this is awesome, a dream come true
  



Florida recommends Kicker Rock and Guisseppies on San Cristobal


1600
  

Shampoo showed up today


1900
Get the photos from the dive shop
Buy souvenir shirts
  



2000


Visit another “sports bar”
Ma orders the “Red footed boody”  It has passion fruit
The drinks are pretty strong here.  
My caipirinha is orange for some reason
  
  
  
  

The sushi was good, better than I expected, I guess.
Ma eats only half of her burger
Dad and I finish our meals
I was satiated when halfway done, but powered on through.
“Did you just say you were satiated?”
“Yeah”
“I mean, I know what it means, but normal people don't talk that way.”










CHAPTER IX.
Friday, Nov 5
Bike tour


0800
  

A dollop of sunscreen landed on Dad’s toe
“So that’s where that went”


We’re picked up and head to Cerro Mesa
There’s a pato duck in the road
Gate is closed
Driver honks shave and a haircut, but no response
Then he records the two horses mating
Sign says it should be abierto at 0730 but it’s on Galapagos time
Let’s do the traipiche first


They protested pot holes by planting trees in them
  

Traipiche means sugar mill - it’s the monkey (I mean donkey) powered machine
[It’s a mistake the guide keeps making and a clear illustration of how a small, seemingly trivial error can be significant] 
This one comes from Ohio


1000
  
  

Fermenting.  Smells like honey, tastes like poison
  
  

  

The coffee gets dried on the northern, arid side of the island
It’s all prepared by human power
  
  

  
  

“Yo recuerdo tang”
Sampling all these things - cacao with sugar, sour orange, sugar cane juice, cafe


Makes the perfect cocktail and performs an accompanying ceremony
[Extend] el brazo
[Retract / bend] el brazo
Y a dentro a todo


  

Apparently, the neighbors aren't cutting their bananas right


We buy some coffee, aguardiente, chocolate
Not sure how we’ll get them home, but we’ll find a way


Back to Cerro.  Duck still here, gate still closed.
So we head to some tunnels instead.
Ask him for diving recommendations and he says Kicker Rock
So we’ll plan to book that for San Cristobal


  
  

A couple of tortoises blocking the path
  

  
  

  
  

“Let’s head back” the guide says  “I’m getting scared”
He says he likes Mom’s Dia de Los Muertos shirt
He looks young himself, has braces, but apparently has a 13 year old kid


1200
  
  

“This was a good call, even if I have to ride a bicycle” - AB
Biking down the hill, an easy cruise.
Passing tortoises on the way
Then running reds in town


1400
Back to San Fransicso park
And there’s tents in the volleyball / skate park
Arts and crafts, ma buys a little hammerhead
And we get colada morada with the baby bread
  
  

  
  



1500
Origin museum is free so we do it.
  

Has excellent production value and some good science
Then the godliness ramps up and after exiting we confirm, yeah, it’s run by a church
  
  



1700
My nose is now running something awful
Checked some Cruz Azules blue cross but they didn’t seem to have what I’m looking for
Stop in a farmacia and show the lady the translation
  
  

Pastilles?
Si
Una caja


We seen them mobbing down the street
Back to the festival where the kids are doing Taekwondo


  

Order dos pizzas with nothing weird on them and un medio litre of vino


  

I snapped one furtive pick of the kid with the Redneck Games of Missouri camiseta
It’s mother that has the patience and temerity for a clear shot
  



  
  



  
  

Hopped on the bug Train and waited
Until it looked like they are collecting tickets or money
Then bailed




CHAPTER X.
Saturday, Nov 6
Santa Cruz to Isabella


0700
Santa Cruz has started to feel comfortable and now it’s time to leave
Unlike the stair Americans I feel we could have easily spent more time here
Pacing Balta Av to Charles Darwin can get old, but there are more dive sites to explore
And more on land that we haven’t seen.  Las grietas was on our shortlist and didn’t get a visit
The various activities in San Fransisco park by the Malecón have kept things interesting
  



Our receipt becomes tickets
But I guess these just get us onto the pier
Guard assures someone:  tranquilo, hay tiempo  be calm, there is time
Italians from the boat are going to Isabella, too
Kerfuffle, confusion regarding lanyards
Anita Bennett is on the sheet as Ameh Bemmeh 
Good thing they don’t want to check IDs.  Guard says wait here.
Seems like the 3 people we talk to have never heard of blue fantasy.  
It's a mirage, a scam, a fugazi, but they seem earnest in their desire to help us.
It doesn't take long for us to get our lanyards.  Cally I.  That's our boat.  It's real after all
50 cents more to water taxi to the boat.  I try to hand him a 50 cent piece but he won’t take it
A beat and a half later and I get it - he wants me to give it to her as change for the dollar she gave him
“Ah, sí”
  

0900
Listening to No Such Thing as a Fish on the ferry


1000
Another dollar to water taxi from the ferry and 10 in tax to leave the dock
I thought he was making Iguana attack noises, but no, the Arr was meant for me, a pirate welcome in solidarity with my mask
At the gate guy asks if we want a taxi
After a brief deliberation we hold steadfast in our resolution to caminar
  

  
  

A short shlep with our gear to our hostal.


Santa Cruz seems pretty laid back and Isabella seems even more chill 
We’re basically on the beach.  The streets are sand, no traffic lights, less honking
We still have roosters, apparently, but the soundscape has shifted from urban cacophony to waves and panflutes


Find the Bar de Beto.
A small problem, she says.  There’s no water.
Maybe there will be some this afternoon.
We have some for drinking and she unlocks the bar toilets so we decide to wait it out.
  

An info dump on the island, we have enough of it to know lunch hours might be weird
The bar will be closed on Sunday, but we can hang out in the hammocks and treat it as our home
There’s an ATM over yonder, but it usually doesn’t work
  



Very nice, she says, pointing at my shoes.      Ah, heck yah
  
Evolution, go darwin!


1100
California surfer bros walk by, asking each other if someone got the number of the guy with the mustache
  
  

Start walking the path towards the tortoise breeding center
  

  

  

  
  

1300
Check in with PaHoeHoe, they rearrange our schedule, thankfully we don’t have a conflicting obligation
When he said ten to nine, it sounded exactly like ten tonight, but further clarification verifies 0850
I had been wearing medium, but fit in a small.  This feels like a 4 mil


1700
  
  

  
  

A visit to the Concha de Perla pearl shell


  
  



2100
  

Caipirinha at Royal Rock.  This one seems right.
An American couple at the other table facetimes home, the kiddies
And it’s hard not to laugh at the little things that make them different from us
“Their roads are sand.  There’s dogs everywhere.  It’s a third world country” 
Spoken affably, but with the incredulous affectation of someone who has never seen a dirt road in America


After sitting around for a bit, we decide on another round and some food.
The menu item just says beef.  The only one without a translation.
Dad tries to order it, but no beef for Jon
But the beef burrito is ok
I ask for a gin and tonic
No gin and tonic for me
Noooooo.  She says in a soft, plaintive wail, more like it's due to her concern for my well being rather than a lack of availability of ingredients 
  
  

Watch your balance Ecuador
Cucurucho is a taco bowl.  Has the green sauce in a little fish dish
  

  







CHAPTER XI.
Sunday, Nov 7
Kayak Las Tintoreras


OK, thought we’d get better sleep on this island, but it has its own nightly ruckus
Some loud midnight party.  Tempted to join, but so tired.
Then the dogs have their shouting match


  

The moth Icarus laying in repose.  Having achieved his greatest ambition at the cost of his own life.


0900
Short truck ride to the shore.  Our guide is a cool guy
Water is very low right now so we have to take a longer route to Las Tintoreas
  
  

  
  

Eagle Rays on the way
Stop and watch the penguins and blue footed boobies
  

“Ask me anything, I love questions,  but not about my personal life, that's a mess”
Lots of algae exposed since the water is so low. A good day for young iguanas, they won't have to risk getting eaten by sharks
Keep going to the bay where we clip onto a buoy and start snorkeling
Swimming with the marine iguanas and hawksbill turtles.
Scorpion fish hiding in the rocks
Little colorful fish, big big school of small silvery fish
Weird eye fish is called rock licker, but probably not in polite society 
Checking crevices for sharks but none spotted
Tide starts rising.


About 75 minutes of snorkeling
Guide is getting cold, dad seasick, but overall it's a good time


More penguins on the way back. They like the low water, easier to catch fish
The blue footed booby, though a cute looking icon, isn't endemic to the region. So he passes the crown to the penguin.


But Penguins belong in the cold
They got here the same way I got testicular cancer in my chest
A long time ago, when glaciers covered the earth they could go anywhere. Then things changed and they got stuck here. And they haven't adapted well enough, despite all the years, their eggs cook in the heat. So, as much as we like them, we aren't going to save them. Because it wasn't us that brought them here and unlike the tortoises it wasn't us that endangered them.


The tintoreas are young. You can tell because they don't have cacti on them.


Walking on unknown lava rock, choose the ugly dangerous path, because the nice smooth flat parts can be thin enough to disappear you.




1300
We’re back at shore
Apparently, they were starting to get worried since we were gone too long


1400
  
  

State of disrepair


  
  

Walk into town to try Las Palmeras
A little kid with sugar cane in her mouth squirts us with sanitizing gel
Azucar? Ma asks.  Devious smile and nod
The woman lists off food options.  A bit of a blur to follow.
Ma gets a menu this is discordant with that content
I got a ceviche, I guess and dad some sopa de carne meat soup
Ma is too freaked out to eat.
Or she’s just saving room for space pizza
  
  

On the boat we've had to eat salad and pork chops with a spoon, but this soup, it requires a fork
Some review mentioned dwarves, I think.  And there’s Julia Roberts and dwarves on TV
Not really sure what’s going on
  
  

Ceviche de pescado
This is the second time someone tried to get just a soup and wound up with that being the start of a bigger meal. 
This time there’s cake
  
  



1800
Sun and sand and sea and salt are all soporific 
Afternoon nap went maybe a little longer than planned
  

  

  
callar to shut up  duele pain


1900
  
  

Watching these two girls at the coconut stand.
They got their water in a bag.  Are they Canadian?  Used to milk in a bag?  Now it’s double bagged.
Looks like it should have a goldfish in it.
When they approach the trash can to throw the bag away they’re within chatting distance to us
Apparently, they didn’t want the water in a bag, they wanted it in the coconut
Their attempts to explain this and their desire to have the meat of the coconut in addition to the water is what resulted in a second bag
The price was three dollars for a coconut, two for five.  And they paid ten for the pair
“No wonder he looked at me like I’m retarded”
“I’ve had coconuts in 10 different countries…”
“I’m from Texas, we’re like rats”
She wants a hot dog and a coco loco 


2000
Lured by lights what turned out to only be a pair of jazzed up palm trees
Found a shadow what looks like a theropod with a top hat
  



  



2100
  
  

Dad asks for a hot dog.  Taco?  she asks
I ask for a taco.  
The best taco I’ve had this trip




CHAPTER XII.
Monday, Nov 8
Los Tuneles


0800
Our guide this trip is Javier
He speaks perfect English, but calls us chicos 
We have a couple from France and the rest a family from California
They seem nice enough, but that grownass woman consistently referring to her parental units as mommy and daddy grates my nerves a bit
  
  

Mantas are spotted from the boat, in the back we just gets shadows and wingtips


0900
Water is a little rough on approach, we surf in on a wave
  
  

A newborn pup on the rocks, bleats like a goat
  
  

  

  
  Sea lion vomit
  
  

1200
  

We were in the water for 1 hour 20 minutes 
Saw everything he promised us
Turtles, a big sea horse, sharks
A lot of white tips, good vis 
A beautiful angelfish 
Cold, pretty cold
Need hot te 
Frank!
  



1700
Walking along the beach
West to the wall of tears
  

These are the jellies that turtles eat that make them want to eat plastic bags


Ghost crab poked out of his crab hole
  
  

  



  
  

We’re almost to the end
“Just 3 more miles” the joker walking the other way says
  

  
  



  



  

  
  

  

Pizza de la casa
After Space Pizza too tired to enjoy anything.  Stumble around a bit and make it another early night
  





CHAPTER XIII.
Tuesday, Nov 9
Explore Isabella
0700
  

0800
  
Breakfast
  
  

  
  



  
They offer both services:  Wi-fi and hot water


  
  

  

  
  

1030
We open the aguardiente
It's not the kind with anise.  It’s not watered down ouzo
It's the paint peeling, highly flammable, moonshine, that somehow tastes more toxic than everclear
“I have to say this is the worst liquor I've ever had in my life. Not regretting it. Just saying.”  - AB


The weather is only in the 70s, but the water isn’t too much colder than that
So we put on swim gear and go to Concha de Perla Pearl Shell for snorkeling


Baby sea lion trying to get to his mom, in the water
Too many people on the dock
And his own trepidations
I sit in the water and the mom swims by me


A big blob over there may be a marbled ray, looks like an alien craft
We follow a flock of eagle rays around
Interesting looking anemones, a bright green
Weird fish with the fremen spice eyes 
The couple from Birmingham saw octopus, but he hid from us


1500
  

After the concha, we’re ready for lunch, but the town is shut down, so we have to wait for dinner time to roll around
  



Chased the talking fruit truck a couple blocks, but couldn’t capture evidence on video.
It's the Guayaquil garbage truck all over again 
  



1700
  
Found the secret flamingo place


  

1800
  
  

  
  

They serve my daiquiri in a martini glass, but that’s fine.  It’s good.
The pita is almost exactly a tortilla
Church bell sounds like a train


1900
  

I was going to delete this blurry cockroach picture
  

But a moment later he was hit by a car 


To the bar de beto for cooc loco
  
  

  



CHAPTER XIV.
Wednesday, Nov 10
Isabella to San Cristóbal


0800
A morning trip to the Perla.  It’s very cold, but worth it.


  
  

Breakfast at cafeteria Las Gaviotas
Got myself an Expresso (sic)
  



1000
  
  

A daliance near Royal Rock
  



1100
  
  

The beer we bought yesterday needs to be drunk before we can fly.  Pass it around
  
  

  
  

  
  



1230
  
  

We're at the airport insanely early, but not the first
One other guy sitting here
  
  

Then someone who works here arrives and checks our bags and dad and I get blue tags
Probably the most thorough check so far
Snacks and aguardiente make it through no problem 
  
  

  
  

1430
Bienvenidos a San Cristobal
No applause, a little rain 
Should be a short walk to the hostal.
We’re getting to the dirt road part when a truck stops.
The logo says Romy, it’s not just a rando
We hop in and ride the rest of the way


They apologize for being late picking us up.  But we weren’t even expecting to be picked up.
She pulls out a map and lays out a tentative agenda for us
  



  

  
  

First stop, Wreck Bay to book kicker rock
1600
  
  

We start to head towards the tijeratas, but stop short.  We need food.
  
  

The food is so good, but the Cuba Libre tastes like nothing more than rum and lime juice.


1800
  

Mr. Elote is a chain!?  Noooo
  
  

  
  



1900
  

¡ I don’t understand how their benches managed to mess up the concept of upside down exclamation points !


  



  

Secret claws in sea lion flippers


CHAPTER XV.
Thursday, Nov 11
Explore San Cristóbal, Las Tijeratas


  

There are roosters on this island, too, but at least they seem further away


0700
Mom takes a pack of marlboros away from a young pup 
  
  

Rechazo  rejection


0800
  



  

Crabs get out of our way then close in behind us like the boats in that one scene in Apocalypse Now  Crab displacement
Jump in with snorkel gear, but it's frio loco and we bail almost immediately
Maybe next beach will be better
  

Naw, the other beaches are better for sea lions, but all sandy 
  
  

  
  



1000
Back to the dive shop to fit for equipment.  I’m size medium again
  
  



1100
No better plan so we’re back at las tijeratas for snorkeling
Power through the cold, it’s warmer in patches
  

A turtle hiding in a crevice, some nice schools of fish
A little rain afterward


1300
  
  

Lunch on the balcony
The Big Pilsener is 600 cm3  about a pint


Some of the streets are named after dates.  
What happened on the 12th of February?


1400
  

If it’s a dry plant, it’s probably a cactus.  If it’s a wet fish, probably a tuna.  Hope that helps


Catch a taxi to La loberia
Another sandy beach
It’s too cold, but dad goes in for a bit
  
  



Then we walk around the side, there’s supposed to be a nice lookout
The trail goes through lava rocks, a maze, a mess, a number of white/black sticks to guide you
  
  

Found a little praying mantis
  

Spitting marine iguanas
  
  

1730
  

  
  

I scurry on ahead and take some photos of the top


  

Ma’s damaged flip-flop finally broke.
The sun is setting.  Mosquitos start to attack.
Emergency repair with zip ties.
  
  

  
  

  
  

Frigates


1800
  

Park is closed, no taxis to be had, but there are still a handful of people around as we walk back into town 
  

1900
Drink a little more aguardiente
It’s actually not too bad if you water it down and add sugar


2000
Once more out into the night.  We have the location of two breweries
  
  

Neither of which are actually in operation


  
  





CHAPTER XVI.
Friday, Nov 12
Fourth day of diving


This crew is pretty similar to the one from Academy Bay, just the names have changed
Leo became Ronny
Angel became Kebin
Frank became Junior
Byron became John, I guess


Looks like we’re the only non-native Spanish speakers on this boat
Start with a check-out dive, buoyancy check, I use the same 10 kg
Flood the mask, retrieve the reg
OK, OK


Dive #66  Kicker rock
Dive #67  Kicker rock


Didn’t see the hammerheads or mantas we were hoping for, but still a good couple of dives
Lots of jellies, black tip reef shark, some sea lions, a turtle
The little fish you’d expect with a wall dive
We travel in one big group, with Ronny in front and Kebin in back
  



  

Zodiac to the beach in groups of four
It’s not Playa del muerto beach of the dead  
We’re told we’re lucky to be allowed to visit here
And John tells us more stories about the animals that live here
All the cutest, littlest sea lion pups you see by themselves are most likely 3rd children abandoned by their mother and will die soon :(
  
  

  

  



1600
  



  
  

Guiseppi’s for dinner.  Pizzas bigger than we expected.
Honking followed by some sort of brief political parade


  
  



  
  



  
  



CHAPTER XVII.
Saturday, Nov 13
San Cristóbal back to Guayaquil


Cold leftover pizza for breakfast
Ronny brings us a plate of fruit
  



1000
  
Must usage of mask
  
  Birds in the terminal.  
Flying back to Guayaquil
  
  

Dad got the upgrade with a bid for 5 bucks, so I'm seat 1D and the second person to board
We don't sit together since the middle seat is reserved for a tray
We meant to cancel the request after seeing how meaningless it was on the way over here
Thought there’d be more people up here, since the VIP seemed so popular, but we're the only ones in the front section
Starting the next book: Carpe Jugulum 
Food is something we don't really need right now and it’s just a short flight but we’re provided with a small sandwich and some chips


1200
  

No sign with our name waiting this time
It's Australia all over again
We wait a bit, then catch our own cab
Show the guy the map.  
Zooms and pans around a bit, then “Ah, Siglo 21”


On a hill in a neighborhood 
Though a gate 
Into rocks
  



He took us exactly where I asked him to
But this doesn’t really seem like it could be the place
We pull up a phone number and he starts to call it
But then we find the button marked “reception” and buzz it
The cabbie helps us with the Spanish and we’re let in
  

The guy working the front desk apologizes for not knowing English
He uses translate and a robot tells us that breakfast is 0730 to 1000 in the morning


The fifth floor is ours
  
  

  
Laundry!


1500
  

Take care of the covid test so we can get back to the US, I guess


Back at the malecon, Festival De Las Flores is going on
  
  

  
  

Free shots of champagne


Finally got drinks on the pirate ship
Not quite what we were expecting, but we mark it as a success.
  
  
  

The crew were playing Playstation
Just like on a real pirate ship
  
  



There’s an entire mall in the basement of a McDonald's
  

  





1600
Taxi to the other malecon (del Salado).  It’s only 3 $
  

  
  

  

Buy some corn and chicken gizzards from the street vendor.  It’s only 3 $
  

  
  



1800
We walk back to malecon 2000
Through the bustling city streets
  
  

Some street performer in a dress, shouting
Crowd laughs occasionally 
  
  

Spiderman, peppa pig, aliens and predator
Squid game guards.  Halloween all over again.  
Or Mallory square on steroids
  

These are my favorite of the living statues.  Toss ‘em a couple bucks


  
  

We end up back at Resaca.  
But seems Edwin isn’t working tonight


“Do you know Edwin?”
“Edwin is my friend”
“Will he be working tomorrow?”
“Sí”


We see him on the way out, on the lower floor he has a tray full of food.
And he remembers us
  
  



2000
Let’s get some tacos
  

"He looks like he's going to kill us with a meat cleaver”  - AB
Finally, we break him and he smiles
  
  

We get tacos al pastor.
But in this context that means shepherd not minister
You don’t usually shepherd pineapples, though, was my understanding
Things sure got Christmasy here pretty quick.  I guess that's what happens when you don't have Thanksgiving


2300
We get back to our room, but the key appears to only operate the deadbolt, we still can’t get past the lower lock 
“Queremos entrar.  Puedes abrir la Puerta por favor?”
Some scrappy kid lets us in
And demonstrates how to use the key to open the door
Feeling a little sheepish at that, but he doesn’t seem to mind the interruption


Plan was to put clothes in the dryer then go back out to the stairs
But it's 11 and after figuring out the tricky TV we just head to bed




CHAPTER XVIII.
Sunday, Nov 14
Explore Guayaquil
0800
  
  

  

0900
So we’ve managed to open the outer door, but the elevator will not be summoned.
It looks like it’s stuck on the first floor, so we take the stairs up and investigate.
  
  



  

Fourth floor, the pool floor


We don’t have a key for the glass door to our room
So, looks like there is no way in or out without the elevator
That’s fairly disconcerting.
  



We make our way into the second floor and show the video to someone working there.
He doesn’t really seem concerned.  
“You were teleported to a different world”
Pushes the button, the elevator arrives, and we’re on our way


1100
For some reason, we’re a little late to the free walking tour
There’s 6 people in total, 2 seem to be Canadian
  



In Guayaquil we don't make anything
We sell things


We walk pretty much just around places we’ve already been, but it’s nice to get the stories
  

All the gold is fake so the pirates don’t steal it


This San Fransisco plaza is the place for protests
It’s near government building and banks, the wall street of Ecuador


  

Ecuador doesn’t have an independence day, it was liberated from Spain city by city and each has its own
Guayaquil starts with a party, get the Spainards good and drunk and you don’t have to fight too many


Pirates are not nice people, it turns out.
They kill children.  
The Henry Morgan boat is pretty much shut down by covid


  

The rotunda
First statue destroyed because it used the actual sizes.  And San Martin is too much taller than Bolivar
The second one (this one) criticized by the Catholics for being too gay
 


1300
Deciding where to eat lunch, each place has its representative to present a menu
There’s not too much to distinguish them. 
After we examine them all, we go to the second place, they seemed to have the best drink specials.
  
  

Dad got mush potatoes with his skewer
I got 8 alitas wings
The green sauce I think she said is ajo garlic
It’s good on everything 
  

We’re at a table adjacent to some sort of godfather
  
  

“Are you putting your shoes on or petting a cat?” -JB
  

1500
Shephard the aquardiente into 3 oz containers to get it past security
A final toast with the bit that won’t fit.
  
  



1600
  

Another sojourn up the stairs


  

The Chocapic creature sounds a lot like Waldo from Black Mirror


CHAPTER XIX.
Monday, Nov 15
Guayaquil back to Chicago
Recapitulation and Conclusion


0730
Back down for breakfast
She lists the options more slowly this time
Asks me if the options are clear enough
I respond “Creo que si”
The she as an aside says to me: “Ellos no entienden”


Little quips as responses. Some are clear to me (cierto certainly), but most I can't quite grasp
A couple of times she says “A su orden”  
Which seems a formality comedically incongruous with our childlike blundering through the language


0800
On our way to visit the iguana park
We pause on the malecon to watch green parrots squawking and flying around a government building
  
  

  

0900
  
  

  

1000
  
  

  
  



Didn’t buy it, but I spotted this cute mug for sale
  
I hate you all.  Seriously.


We catch a taxi and make it through security no problem


Plane takes off 30 minutes late.
We’re gonna have to book it in Panama.
Run to the gate, it should be halfway through boarding now.
Another security check and this time they’re flipping out about liquids
Made me throw out my empty water bottle
Turns out ma had a small one in her bag
[Aguardiente status: unscathed]


By the numbers
0         out of 1 decent Gin & Tonics
18         pages of the notebook written on
19         days of travel
298         photos from Dave’s camera
334         evernote notes
385         photos from Dave’s phone
507        photos from Jon’s phone
1,060        photos from Anita’s phone
