Saturday morning
Driving through bowling green, need gas soon
Signs for Hannibal.  And now I keep hearing everything in his voice


  

We head to the amphbitheater for Hoppy Herps.  Wave hi to WiFi man
Vicky is a fireball, an animated Texan
Infectious enthusiasm
It seems like everything is one of her favorites.


We learn how to make sounds:


Cricket frogs - tap rocks
Tree frog - brief, high pitched tongue trill
Spring peeper - beep, beep, beep
Chorus frog - run your thumb down a comb
Green frog - pluck a rubber band or banjo
American toad - 30 second trill
Bullfrog - barump, barump


Now close your eyes, we’re gonna be frogs.
When I touch your shoulder make your noise


Must read:  The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County
also known as: Jim Smiley and His Jumping Frog


  

They put the toads in the frog race box
They sit placidly in the circle
Stunned by identity crisis


They found a copperhead on the road last night after the movie
Not to worry you, but always carry a flashlight


We head to Hannibal for the festival
Park by the river.
Watch your head
But you can’t see your head
Or do you always see your head?
Your nose is in your field of view, but your brain blocks it out.
And isn’t some part of your eyes in front of the part that does the seeing?


  

Mud volleyball


3rd and Church in time for Frog Leaping
  

Slapping and stomping, a tragedy waiting to happen
Some intrepid beasts make a break for it
Kids are the only ones participating
Doesn’t really feel like we’re dealing with the top brass


  

Back to camp for ice cream making
Welcome to National Ice Cream month
Ice cream invented in 600 AD, milk and camphor
Shake, shake, shake the bag
Firework sprinkles!
  



  



Come back at labor day for the freshwater jellies


  

Spot a tiny little mantid on the roof of the truck
Sandwiches for lunch.  Seeds are really good for bread


Kayak sites:  Tom Sawyer Pond & Reservoir J
  

  

  



Back to Hannibal 


  

The duck guy.  He’ll give you a prize every time.
But the crowd is so small


  

Mark Twain himself on ring toss


Creepy little kid on the mic for the water gun shoot game
Four more pwayers, the plaintive voice wails
Four more players, the ethereal longing
Four more players.  Come play with us, Danny.
Four more players.  Forever and ever and ever.


3 cover bands:
* Poison Overdose
* Walk this Way
* Guns for Roses
  

Security at the gate
Ten dollar cover charge
A few people milling about
So we settle for a peak over the fence


  



  

We head over to the Badger Cheese Haus
The beer guy seems like a stand-up fellow, shall we return for the Steampunk Festival?
Apparently, the cheese guy doesn’t have a sense of humor
So, which cheese comes from a badger?
They’re all badger cheeses because they come from Wisconsin
And the badger is the state animal of Wisconsin
Do you have any venezuelan beaver cheese?
Not a single free sample


Wouldn’t answer the question:
How many syllables in the word bag?


To the dam for fireworks. 
Hanging out in the trunk
  

  



There’s a horsefly in the truck again.
“You don’t need to die today”


A trip to the beach
Testing depth by the boundary line
Low vis, muddy water.  When my feet hit the bottom you can’t see my upstretched hands.
  



Stars:  they are nature’s fireworks
Presentation by Charmange.
Or are fireflies?


We’re the first to arrive.
Tree frogs start their song.
Cricket frogs join in.


  

  

This beetle pinched ma


  

  

Morning bike ride to Buzzard Roost
Low-key looking for a convenient kayak drop point.


Leapin’ Lizards by Ranger Rob
  





A shrine.
Mark Twain has a friggin’ shrine.
  

We start the tour with a movie.
It’s friggin cold in here.
Is that Keith Davids narrating?
Cheesy digital reenactment of an exploding river boat.
  



Stop by the Florida Winery
  

  



  

Every wine has a little story to go with it.
And since it isn’t too busy today we get to hear them.


  

What!?  You mean to tell me that I could drown 3 children per minute?  I’m skeptical.


  

Oh no!  Someone left Colonel Sanders unattended for 20 seconds


  

  

And that’s why I always carry a flashlight.
(c.f. diving Mermet Springs and “that’s when I learned I’m allergic to bees”)


  



  

The foxen.  Birthed in a den under the amphitheater benches.
Ma had a close encounter in the morning hours.
Dancing rock bluff sun colors.


  

I swear he sneezed.  On no!  It’s one of those ill eagles that I heard so much about


  

Pick this duck up.  You’ll get an inflatable spiderman, for sure.


The lifecycle of a cicada
  

  

Birth
  

Hanging out on my bike
  

Death
