July 3rd
I pick up Steve in Effingham.
He’s parked at the Amtrak station.
There’s a giant cross just outside town.
And we’re going to open a deli.
Effingham Sandwich.
As in:  Here’s your Effingham Sandwich.
  

I left work early, but we arrive late, past midnight.
There’s a beautiful blood moon out tonight.
And fireworks.  We can see them.
Happy third of July.
Lee is playing Mass Effect 2.


It’s only half an hour long, but I fall asleep at this
our first attempt to watch La Jetée
July 4th
  

Lee has a fireplace.  How nice.  But we’re already roasting.


The next morning I unpack my bike from the trunk and tool around the neighborhood.


And then we head downtown to the Doo Dah Parade
Celebrate Liberty & Lunacy! !


  

  

  

  

The one, the only.  Spinal Tap.  This one goes to 11.  
  

Mustaches on cars, on bicycles
Daleks fighting stormtroopers
Rocky Horror Picture Show
  
  

  

I’m not sure which one frightens me more.
We round the block to watch the parade twice.  
An eclectic mixture of college-student youth and old-guard hippies
As the band warms up we walk away from the stage, depriving them of audience
I throw them the horns.  Rock on, funky dudes.
A slice from Late Night and a Doo Dah Lager in the shade to beat back the heat
Garlic Sauce on my garlic and mushroom pizza
Steve gets a smattering of all the sauces
The noir label of the slut sauce betrays nothing of how it’ll taste (it’s a spicy, tangy bbq)
  

Excuse me, I’m sorry.  Can I take a photo of your shirt?  It’s for my parents.


You don’t know about the Honey Badger?  Oh my.
Add Fensler Films and Zdob to the list to YouTube.


We head to the Surly Girl for drinks.  
  

  

  

Apropos I ordered Dead Guy Ale


The bartender (that looks remarkably like Moose) points out the freakishly tall guy that just left.
We talk about romance and relationships and the benefits of being untupled


July 5th
  

Zoe the cat is enormous and sits on your chest given the opportunity
squeezing and sneezing and stealing your breath
smelling like cat food, sliming with her nose
she’s overly affectionate, but gets combative when the other cat tries to clean her
Orson with the mangled ears.
  

  

Trust that the happy little frogs outside Lee’s apartment were not put there by him.


We bike down the trail to campus.  8 miles down and 8 miles back.
Lee reads his students’ evaluations of his course.
“Speaks clearly … Polite”  Holy crap this is not the Lee I know
“seemed to be really passionate about the death part of the class and not so passionate about the other parts.  I felt like he might not be into some of the pop culture he talked about”  Oh, O.K.
He’ll be off on a course of mortuary science, incidentally he’ll embalm people.
He’s done being the mormon guy and is now becoming the death man.
  

We visit some rocks, fossils


Where did the rest of the day go?  I dunno.
Late nights and movies.  


July 6th
A phrase from alien phenomenology (Ian Bogost) has us off on a Zizekian tangent
About an hour waiting at the BMV to renew Lee’s expired license 
then a trip down to German Village
Steve makes yet another trip down to the Y
Indian food for our second buffet and get charged up for Bad Movie Night.  School Spirit (1985)
Studio 35 has a comfortable atmosphere.  Clapping, laughing, delightfully irreverent.
Liquor in the front and theater in the back.
A pint of Piraat beer and wherefore do they turn off the Mario Speed Run?  It’s running on a Mac.
We were enjoying that.  


July 7th
  

  

We start off at the Dublin art fair, but the cemetery is the more interesting bit
  
  

Come on down to Quake bowl
  

Then back to high street for another mid-day late night slice
  

Band sounds like Soul Coughing, Jr. Dinosaur, 90s angst
I picked up a pair of sunglasses off the street.
Not my style, but neither is the sun.
  

Evil Dead the musical.  
All seats are in the splatter zone.
At least according to the ace reporter from the local paper.
Lee and I get rather well-sprayed.  Steve managed to stay bone dry.
  

What is this weird bug?  Some kind of grasshopper, I reckon.


  

After evil dead we make it just on time to the Midnight showing of Rocky Horror Picture Show


  

The blood isn’t really visible in this photo, but trust me, it’s there.
  

Late night at Hound Dogs.
Whoever had the bright idea to put Sauerkraut on Pizza?


July 8th  
It’s basically Korean Oatmeal.  O.K. Steve, you’re back on the marketing team.
  Fact:  Dental care is of utmost importance to Dragons
