Thursday, November, 5
Both my Ryans and all of my coworkers fell through so I’m driving down alone.
Leave STL through stormy rain and then it’s the dark, drowsy monotony of Cracker Barrel country.
Cruise control.  Counting clock cycles.
The lights of Nashville.
Batman building.


  

  

My paranoia is assuaged when I see the sign at the Clarion welcoming me.
And then I enter the lobby and find Elonka sorting things out.
Signs guiding me to mayhem.
I’m in the right place.


A brief catch-up in the atrium with Ben White of Bainbridge fame.
Always a friendly face and a touch of the tropical to his attire.
James, one of his students, jumps the velvet rope and gets himself some juice.
(What’s your name, again?  I’m going to write it down this time)


And there’s this drunk guy in an ICP shirt.
Warning us about Freaknik in Atlanta, which isn’t the same thing as PhreakNIC.
Phonetically identical, but it’s not phone phreaking and it’s nothing to do with a network interface controller.
“I like to party”  He demonstrates this fact with a little dance.  Some sashaying softshoe.
They looked him up and down and told him  “No.  You don’t like to party.  Not like this...”


James is into embedded development.  I suggest he give propellers a spin.
Comparing ASM and C is like apples and oranges.
But, he just drank both those juices.
So let’s do it.


This guy might be named Larry.  
Probably not, but he’s certainly a bit lairy.
He’s so drunk he’s lambasting Python and advocating for Perl
And having trouble articulating flaws in Java (vis a vis lower level languages)
James successfully derails him with a NOP sled of “Oh shit”  Once again he forgot what he was going to say.
And then he insists quite adamantly we take a shot of bourbon.  It’s a bit rough.  Coke chaser.  
I swear to god he said “Ship Bordays”  
But that’s not really a thing.
He says get some Jefferson’s Ocean if you like both bourbon and your mouth.


We’re recruited to move things from what will be Track 2, up to the Con suite 226
I had to take away Larry’s cart driving privileges after he spilled a load.


  

James seems to be putting together something with a Breaking Bad motif.
Severed heads in a desert.  


And just like last year, Elonka is looking for a new job 
(the drama we discussed last DEF CON turned into wholescale fiasco)
And just like last year, she has hardware trouble.
  

This time, it’s a printer.  You have to trick it just to turn it on.
We don’t have a cord and the networking is not cooperating.
We have a .pdf that we can put on a Strangeloop thumb drive (we carry matching USB bottle openers)
But that format isn’t recognized.  Let’s trust a random site far enough to convert it to .jpg
(I’m actually a bit impressed with the resulting quality)
We scan a pamphlet, but can’t even get a simple grayscale image to print.
Yup, time for another hardware run.
The new printer doesn’t seem to have a USB slot
So I run and get my laptop.  Copy the image to an SD card.
At 1:30 we finally have the flyers printed and head out, victorious, to hang them.
  

Friday, November 6


Breakfast is provided.  The atrium is quite pleasant.  Pool and palm trees.  
  

I learn about avionics from Joe
And Pebble development from Leslie 


Manilla packets are out of order.  
We head to opening ceremonies before registration officially opens.
Next time we’ll use TCP.


  

The lid of the ice bucket looks nothing like the badge.  How am I to work with this? (c.f. DEF CON 23)


Ben the Magnificent walks by and he remembers my name.


Magnetic rainbows turns to new Crypto
Diversity is the solution to Adversity
Track 2, the drone talk is overflowing


A soccer club bailed, so rooms in the hotel have opened up.


I head over to KFC with Ben & Ben
Telling the tale of those that drove the wrong way after leaving a Flea Market.
Had to turn around after hitting the east coast, adding hours and hours to their trip.
And I thought the 3 extra miles out of the way for gas near Metropolis was annoying


Then Elonka’s talk on the Beale ciphers.
A cool story, bro, but evidence seems to indicate it’s a hoax.
“STL is a perfectly acceptable city.”
We have a contingency from Arch Reactor.


Android debugging talk
He looks a little like Jayson Street
“Anybody who tells you they delete stuff is lying”


  

This is Hacking Crime
“We’re not going to be talking about weaving”
Some excellent deadpan humor during projector issues
“Everything's fine.  Ben’s here”
Half a dozen adapters and twice as many nerds shouting advice.
15 minutes in, a round of applause because we have something on screen
“There’s this problem and it’s called HTML.  Polymer is trying to solve that”
A follow up on last year’s talk.
CrimsonFist.net
A real life hero.
Firebase looks like some cool tech.


  

Then the Ingress talk.
“I speak Ingress”
“It’s more than just a language.”
The real speaker, Dagmar, is delayed.  
So two guys take the podium.  Hi, I’m Dag and this is Mar.  
Two Freeside Atlanta people stalling.  Ad lib.
Pimping Polymer with its declarative semantics:
“The Internet sucks a lot of dick to write stuff for”
And then Johnny X encourages us all to take a turn being Dagmar.  Why not?  A lovely little chaos.
We’ve founded a new religion.
Chapter 1, verse 1
In the beginning was the noise.
And hellacious traffic.
The Dagmar saw it and it was evil.


  

An hour later and we’re ready to start the real talk.
The real Dagmar is here, 


A talk on Cognitive Bias.
“And in this corner we have Dave.  Dave is my target.”
I’m sitting in the back and we’re discussing the coldness of the room.
Thermostat says it’s mid 60s but I’m shivering.


  

  

I’m sitting at the table, picking locks.
I laugh when he describes the puzzle in the shape of an easter egg as “a hidden feature of a program”
Then a delayed chuckle from the guy next to him.  “I just got it”


Ben the Meek, rushing past, asks me.   “Are you a Linux guy?”
“Yeah…”
“Like, know the kernel…”
“Naw, you might need to find a guy with a beard for that”


Boot into Kali, fire up Armitage.
Poke at some KOTH boxen.
Learn a thing or two.


And now Jonathan has a Dagmar badge.
The man is a pathological liar.  
Just like my father, who coincidentally is also named Jonathan.


  



  

“Are you OK?”
He mumbles in the affirmative.
I join a game of Cards Against Humanity.
  

I don’t remember what happened after this.
Saturday, November 7


I wake up and seem to have a fat lip.  What the hell?


  

Head down to watch an eleven year old give a presentation on Linux.
“That’s my first book...”


“What gave you the idea to write a book?”
“Well, first off I got a C in language”


Woman from the room next to me apologizes “Sorry if you heard yelling.”
They just rescued two dogs.  No worries.
She likes my pin [Don’t Panic], saying: “It matches my tattoo”   
I like her shirt.  An old school Dead Kennedys logo.


Sitting in the atrium with a subset of the Georgian contingency.
We start a game of Exploding Kittens.
Some of us are skeptical while the instructions are read.  
It sounds like it has insufficient interactivity.
But it’s actually pretty fun.
(I won)
We receive reports that a car drove into the gas station / convenience store across the street.


  

~1500, time for “Seriously, I really do have a PhD”
A great speaker.  And this talk reminds me a bit of Cognitive Bias by Bryan Liles, 
One of my favorite talks from Strangeloop this year.
“You can’t spell geek without E.E.”


  

~1700, Winn’s talk.  “Analogue Network Security”
Another awesome speaker.
“I went to a Catholic school and my knuckles are still sore”
Digital is not binary.  Digital and analogue depend on time and scale.


Dagmar rants a bit on how containers disincentivize patching.
Hmm, I never really thought of it that way.


Hacking 201, another boisterous panel


As I’m ducking out of the room the Crimson Fist recognizes me as Notebook Guy.
His companion tells him:  “He might have a name...”
I respond in the negative.
No, no, I’m Notebook Guy.
Apparently, we interacted last year (in a drunken state)
And I was a bit cagey about the contents of my notebook.


  

Some awesome lightning talks organized by @shapr
“I taught people to do cartwheels and no one died”


Wander back out into the atrium.  
Games are going on upstairs.
I start to chat with Dr. Theda.
Elonka arrives and we take a table.


  

What would you do if you woke up with crab claws instead of hands?
Can I have your badge?
  

Eat this pizza for it is my body
Drink this booze for it is my blood
A treatise on the Duality of Dagmar
Dagmar is good and Dagmar is evil.
Dagmar giveth and Dagmar taketh away.
Dagmar loves assembly and Dagmar loves Javascript.
The Dagmar that can be expressed is not the eternal Dagmar.


Real cop shows up
Please put down the bullhorn
When they ask you what ACAB stands for, tell them it’s “Always Carry A Bible”
And not “All Cops Are Bastards”


Sunday, November 8


I wake up faded.
Too many normal people in the atrium.
I want to help break down and such, but instead I skedaddle early




Index
