3/28/15
My note says be there by noonish
Driving east on 64, 2 hours
  

We have a Trailblazer full of people
“Try not to get punched this year”
  

Von Jakob, country red, a sweet wine
Make our way to the next, StarView
I’m sitting at what seems to be the kids table.
This guys got 550 Pokemon cards
Acoustic covers of Fastball’s The Way and Radioactive
  

Wine slushy tastes just like fruit punch
Bottles of beer on the wall.  Big Muddy Kinkaid Wheat
Tastes like a cross between a wheat and a bock
I light a cigarette with my Turkish lighter.
I’m not a smoker, I just like fire.
Some happy Hellenic happening.
“People are laughing at me.  Stop laughing”
“I’m not normally this talkative”
Off to, where are we?  Time Out, I think.


  

A chalice of Blue Moon.
Who is that Grey Haired Fireball, crackin’ me up?
I get my picture taken under the “Dave’s not here sign”
Talking to the woman who was programming COBOL in the 80s
“I was between two Bennetts”
“You can get old and life is still good.  I proved it”


  
  

Birthday candle fires without exposing its full feature set.  It’s supposed to open up and sing.


I meet the infamous Chris
And he calls me the infamous Dave.
Mnke has his own “Dear diary...” habits
“Are you writing a book?”


Hallowed wood panel ensconced iniquity
A weird sort of vibe.  Interzone in a hunting lodge.
My words start to get away from me.  Thoughts incubate and extrapolate
from assumptions made with regards to core, canonical phenotypes.  The blond and the raven.
The silent, secret swearing, a bombastic declaration.  
An advertisement for a funeral.  Not now, not today.
Slouching, slurring, smacking pool balls tonight.
Acquire, acquire, forget.  Attrition.
Stalling, swaying, smiling.
Eventually it ends in the heat death, the sleep death of the universe.
By the tall tower of the Red Bull there stands a classic Egyptian painting.
Elongated fingers.  Large teeth, an uncomfortable infatuation, a lingering hint of lascivious nature.
“You guys want a free Red Bull?”
With a cringe, it’s actually a conversation on Firefly that flies me out of my comfort zone.
A perfect simulacrum of some something I dreamt once.  
A je ne sais quoi vis a vis my homunculus. 
I watch a soft lob fly over the plate
Because I’m not carrying a bat.
Trying to explain with no words I’m not special needs.


I sleep on the couch like a punk princess
